I wanted them to call me on it
this is IRC, not the Internet
I know
fix adequacy, you lazy bastard
I'm not clicking that.
I don't want to see bad poetry.
Or sexually mutilated children.
I don't even want to know how you found this site.
It serves them right.
Any man who would stick his penis in a woman is out of his mind; a woman is likewise if she would allow it.
No, I come neither now nor ever!
Unless you meant something else.
I'm not a gay slut.
Wait, yes I am.
I was momentarily confused.
Guilty, don't be absurd.
Of course I am tormented endlessly by guilt.
Gay sex.
Lots and lots of gay sex!
In gay bars.
Geeze, this isn't rocket science.
Gas is what UKians call petrol, or something.
I don't like green tea, though.
I know what green tea is.
I'd rather have a pizza.
Get your festering carcass up to the pizza store and buy me a pizza, boy.
bc, American pizza is the most heavenly food conceivable.
How can you not like pizza?
Yes, it is!
It reminds us of our women.
Anyway, eating living vegetables is barbaric.
I don't doubt that you do enjoy it, bc.
That's pretty stupid.
Humans can't even really feel pain, particularly not criminals.
Or blacks.
It's all muddy grass, rocks, and dark clouds.
I've been to Scotland.
Yes, you are.
I'm tired of your lies!
And people accuse me of dishonesty.
zuul, res0?
zuul, KuroBot?
Black is white.
k5 is a madhouse.
Is California gone, then?
Was it the Big One?
So, you're not the tubgirl?
Hello, RobotSlave.
The Tolkien one is crap, if you ask me.
Are you making tea?
Why not, cp?
KuroBot, are you ever wrong?
Then what good are you, KuroBot?
KuroBot, then what good are you?
He's a bit unfriendly.
Hullo, luisa|.
Did you see my K5 diary?
I didn't read that.
I just voted it down.
luisa|, do you know what really takes some getting used to?
It takes a while to learn that when they say stupid, they mean bad.
shoeboy is stupid not because he isn't clearly clever, but because they don't like him.
Both, really.
How so?
Who else?
Aren't many diaries posted every day?
I don't post before 5pm.
You're running out of time.
Or enough 13sex.
seventypercent, guess what I saw today.
No, I saw a 4communist.
She had pale, milky skin, light red hair, and a think Russian accent!
What's what?
I will too.
Goodnight, all!
I'm back.
How much does he drink?
I drink too, but don't wish to die soon.
Geeze, .
63 is really high.
That's about two bottles of 80 proof for someone my size.
I can't imagine doing that.
One bottle of 80 proof should kill a normal size man.
Unless drunk over the course of a few days 
A lot of it is.
At least here.
Hello, bc.
Kinkaide is doubtlessly my favorite artist.
I don't like soup cans.
I have three Kinkaide prints.
I hope to acquire more.
elby owes me a pizza.
I once wanted to be a sumo wrestler.
Then I realized that I was just fat, and not fat and athletic.
Somone on K5 things unicorn has no referent.
thinks
But they picked up the vocabulary somewhere, or at least some of it.
RobotSlave, that's creepy.
They're like little droids, constantly adapting!
You were The Observer!
I spent months trying to figure out who that creepy guy was!
Natalie Portman, Naked and Petrified!
You're a squirt, seventypercent.
zuul, seventypercent?
RobotSlave, you're awfully crusty today.
Academics are lighthearted and fun loving!
That's a myth, bc.
Academics just want to have fun!
No you can't.
em is great fun, as am I.
Lighthearted as well.
There's nothing we love so much as a romp in the grass on a warm summer's day!
Not with each other, mind you
I'm so lighthearted I can't mind my manners, sorry.
smilies
They are too lighthearted to care about appearance.
He'll like that, because he's lighthearted.
When was her deadline, bc?
I think it was yesterday.
Well, you know what you have to do.
Don't talk back.
Women are so lazy.
Lazy, shifty creatures.
You be snug.
and warm.
Snug as a bug, so to speak.
Warm as luisa|'s ass after you spank her.
Warm as her little ass after you pull her panties down, bend her over your knee and give her a good hard spanking.
I am discreet.
In fact, I didn't even type that.
I think there's a bug in cyclone.
Hush you.
bc likes me, and if you abuse me, he'll spank you.
Hello, perdida.
I want someone to write erotic fanfic about me.
That's why I allow no one to see me.
I wouldn't want anything to do with any K5er.
revluci0n would partake of bc, but not of drugs off him.
Lesbian.
Who's in love with whom?
I'm not afraid to admit anything; I am madly in love with you, revluci0n.
That was unkind, and false.
I wrote a game that simulated writing a video game.
It was hard to tell when I was done.
In the heavens.
Written in the stars, as are all eternal truths!
oh, adequacy.
RobotSlave is a tool of divine apocalypse!
RobotSlave, Revelations, no.
Perhaps revelations, though.
Hello.
My name is Alyosha.
Would you like me to sing you a song?
How are you, bc?
I am ok, too.
I don't like the phrase, jump the shark.
bc, yes.
Pansy.
ito, I do.
Hello, em!
It's been bugging bc for months, but no one else.
The reason the rest of us aren't bugged is that we already know who medham is.
cp did some detective work and figured out who medham is.
He was really quite ingenious when going about his investigation; I'm impressed.
Not the belfast theory, no.
ito, why don't you just admit to being medham so bc can stop fretting about it?
I think that would actually depress him, ana.
medham, and all.
Because medham is stuffy and uses big words, and well.
Perhaps bc is medham, and all this is just pitiful selfpromotion.
The linguist can tell us.
em, what does 'be' mean?
Also, please tell us what 'mean' means.
I'm asking you.
do' means 'have sex with'.
was does
Surely 'be' means something, though.
If it doesn't, why don't we just leave it out?
I'm not going to read any damn paper.
Sadly, I am illiterate, so I can't read any damn paper.
I use my massive brain.
medham does.
What does 'know' mean?
Likely because you don't know what it means, em.
Some people say that, em.
Others say that knowledge is what the divine spirit implants in your brain, and that's what I think.
Yes, circles are pretty, ito.
Circiles are the divine shape.
Circles.
You won't get very far in any proof if you don't presuppose something.
cocksay!
See, I can even do that.
I've eaten horse meat.
You describe most every album that way, em.
You're starting to lose credibility.
South Korea is a capitalist hellhole.
If one's leader can't even master golf, how is he supposed to master international politics?
Most women are not that scary.
I could easily bludgeon them into submission with a pipe, if the need arose.
Some steroidenhanced freaks would be a bit more of a challenge, though.
Well, once I was accosted in a parking lot by an enormous muscular woman.
I admit I was frightened.
I fell down and pretended to cry, and when she came over to abuse me, I jumped up and beat her over the face with a brick I grabbed off the ground.
It was close, but I got out unscathed.
Why, is it gross?
I don't want to read anything gross.
I do not want a submissive female, you freak!
I just want to be safe.
I want a strong, assertive female, but one that I can kill or maim if she turns on me.
I just did, you petulant child.
bc was looking for information about his various perversions, no doubt.
Signal 11 is medham.
Try it again, bc.
He isn't smart?
When one's IQ is 88, most everyone seems smart.
Sorry.
Why can anonymous users see zeroed comments on Aq, but logged in ones cannot?
How did that happen?
em, paste the entry for be.
Surely there is an olde english generator somewhere.
I'll shew thee, punk.
That reminds me, I'm supposed to go play D&D with my adventuring party in half an hour.
Books are boring these days.
I want more pictures and calligraphy.
zikzak, yes.
They're too hard to read \
That's good.
Even though I can't read it, it keeps me entertained.
Is womyn olde english?
I've seen that a few times.
RobotSlave, earlier, em taught me that be doesn't mean anything, and that do only sometimes does.
I am doing my work apparently means the very same thing as I my work.
Doubtless.
Cave speak!
And so, buttsex ensued.
oops, wrong window.
I disapprove of bare legality.
One should stay well on the right side of the law.
Larry Flynt is creepy.
The sister that you were sexually fantasizing about the other day?
I don't read porn.
I'm afraid to ask what a braun oralb is, but curious all the same.
The Germans are not known for sexual innovation.
It's a toothbrush?
That's disappointing.
I was hoping it was an extraobscene blow job technique.
Yeah, I guess if your unit is on fire, most anything sounds like a type of herpes.
RobotSlave, I don't approve of drinking when the sun is up.
geeze, man.
What are you doing to yourself?
I like to drink a fair bit and then play video games that require coordination and good reflexes.
It's important that other people in a similar state also be playing.
Dunno.
Maybe Balthazar can help you.
Alcoholic Automata 'R' Us
seventypercent.
Yes, perhaps you are medham bc, but not aware of it.
Nobody taught me anything.
You wilfully misspell uninentionally?
That's incredible.
hey peeps
sup homiez
I'm jus' hangin' in mah crib, yo.
She's gone.
Now we can plot against her.
Basketball is stupid.
What's your opinion, bc?
Should it continue to discriminate on the basis of gender?
You've been drinking an awful lot, lately.
Is everything ok?
You're a goddamn lush, bc.
Did you make up those rules of Satanism, bc?
I rather respect kitten.
Countdown to offending ana.
Frankly, I think women should be chained naked in the kitchen.
Well, if we're all here, let's start.
luisa|, what is your opinion of naked women chained in the kitchen?
You have nothing of the sort, bc.
You're just a poor lonely drunk.
You're a mouthy wench, luisa|.
I am Alyosha!
So, bc, how tight is luisa|?
Why is that, bc?
How much did you end up drinking?
You were zeroed on k5, bc.
I did.
I had just become trusted today.
I had been untrusted for a while and was getting tired of it, so I posted one of my incomprehensible, irrelevant posts that always garner bunches of 5's.
Sure enough, it worked like a charm!
Ubu, I have two.
CS and Philosophy.
Neither, I should prefer to think.
I neither hurt others nor am hurt myself!
I didn't hurt jin, you did.
She still likes me.
Despite the fact that I am associated with you.
That speaks volumes, I think.
Yes, Ubu.
We both wanted associates, but no one else would have anything to do with either of us.
But I don't especially like luisa|.
And you dol
To me, she is nothing but a plaything!
A toy to be broken and thrown away!
I mean.
I didn't just say that.
This is absurd!
drdink's infernal cyclone IRC daemon is putting words into my fingers!
Did you see my story, bc?
bc, you're a damn liar.
My story is in edit mode!
You can't vote.
How long have you been drunk now?
haha, wonderful.
Ubu, why?
It is something I am intensely ashamed of.
I actually have no idea what the lush is talking about.
I'm no different toward luisa| than most anyone else.
Why don't we ask the lush?
bc, what were you talking about?
Too smart!
That's laughable.
My IQ is in the high 80's.
I'm going to stay here and love and respect luisa| as a sister.
I am no woman, I assure you.
Also, I love myself quite a bit.
Platonically, of course.
I can't lie.
Lying requires an IQ of 90.
So suck it, bitch.
I am frustrated with your dumb ass too, luisa|.
I am frustrated with your dumb ass, too, luisa|.
is what I wanted to say.
Or maybe not.
Oh fuck it, I hate commas!
bc boffed some homeless guy behind a pub.
It's true.
I'll say.
ho ho!
You do not.
I am love!
Only the darkness hates love.
Also, Hollywood has taught me that injuns may be shifty alcoholics, but they're not the darkness.
Abortion it's what's for breakfast!
I wonder how many calories ar in an average abortion.
bc, I know this great drink you could make.
I want luisa| to do some damn work for once.
All she ever produces is empty promises.
No, you just need to shut up and dance.
Focus, bc.
On the other hand, maybe your seriously damaged your brain, and your coordination is permenantly destroyed.
That would be cool.
ChristianRoberts is E r i c?
That makes a lot of sense, actually.
Did rusty ever ask you to leave, bc?
Me neither.
I thought we were a pretty big pain at times, too.
I feel slighted.
He was really pissed at times.
luisa|, did you hear about the email address that really pissed him off?
That was great.
He was raging in IRC over it.
Also, we plagiarized Jon Katz articles from Slashdot.
One of them almost made the front page before rusty deleted it.
Who is this online enemy?
RobotSlave is my fast online friend.
We should go drinking, RobotSlave!
No, now is a bad time.
Fuck off!
hehe, idiot.
You might ask them.
Have some warm milk, the masturbate furiously.
I do too.
Not difficult, since I've never masturbated and wasn't planning on it.
Sexual pleasure is for corporeal beings.
I'll have no part in it!
I will spend the next two hours fantasizing about her sleeping.
I thought you had a sexy young nurse that wanted you, RobotSlave.
I am so thirsty 
I shouldn't.
I don't want to become a pathetic alcoholic like bc.
There may be some of that in hell, but hell is not a torment customtailored for you.
Hell is merely God's abandonment of His children.
Well, sort of, I suppose.
The damned will grind through their empty, grey lives forever more.
The world will dissolve to suffocating dust around them, but still they will have their cocktail parties, as they choke down cups of bitter bile, calling it the sweetest wine, and stare at each other from inside sunken, yellowed eye sockets.
Empty souls will spout emptier words as their jaws chatter endlessly until their teeth fall from their heads!
Still, though, the damned will not admit that they were wrong, and accept the grace that can still be theirs.
No, of course not.
They will be miserable, but they will think that it cannot be better.
Exactly, there is no point.
There is no final act of defiance against the Almighty!
There is merely tired monotony as man's finest works rot around him and he fades into the blackness.
Can you imagine how they could be better?
Vague disatisfaction will not exempt you from damnation.
But would you have the courage to do so, and to pursue what you came up with?
In that case, you'll be happy to know that you're avoiding damnation thus far.
Keep up the good work!
Hell is vast, and merely finding oneself in it is no immediate cause for alarm.
One side of hell adjoins heaven while the other side stretches off into blackness.
Should you find yourself in hell, work tirelessly towards heaven!
You must never dare to settle down, even for a little while, as hell is sliding ever into the black and you do not wish to become forever lost.
This stuff might make a good K5 diary.
What do you think?
I haven't the energy 
seventypercent.
Loan me a dime is not a bad song.
Sun Ripened on the Vine City
Hello!
How are you?
You said a lot of things.
I don't know.
Most of it was garbled beyond comprehensibility.
You should be proud that you managed to remain in your chair!
I would say, Hello, game of cards.
How are you?
No, I'm just below average.
I'm not even very below average.
Yes, but not so stupid.
Go on, start ranting about how much you hate me, like Ubu does.
I love smallpox; it killed millions of dirty indians.
It's a pity a few of them survived to spawn Ubu.
Big chief drunken stupor, more likely.
Being from the UK, have the singular privilege of not having to live in the same country as these lazy, shifty, alcoholic indians.
Indians would rather sit in their own filth, drinking hairspray out of a paper cup, than do an hour's worth of honest work.
tkatchev replied
you are some kind of sexist rapist racist ignorant asshole.
Better that then black, eh?
You don't have any zeroed comments.
Well, there aren't any on the list.
I wonder how my story will do.
I haven't written it yet.
What's the point of throwing away a good story?
Also, if you want to bash DJBonghit, diaries work well.
Learning to Fly
I'm sure it was brilliantly humorous.
Is your irony sense turned off?
bc, you're being dumb.
Don't make me draw you a picture.
Admit it, you couldn't find irony if it crawled up your pants.
I have no alcohol at all.
I wish I drank as much as you.
It must be grand.
What's not to love?
I spend altogether too much time sober.
I need to be independently wealthy.
If I didn't have to work, I could lead the life I wish to!
I have, but I don't wish to end up ruined and penniless.
Is it, now?
I want to be bequeathed a fantastic fortune by a great uncle I never knew I had.
A scam sounds like work.
So they say, but I would be quite put off to learn I'm related to blacks.
Surely some of them will send money!
Thank you for your advice, though, friend bc.
When I am wealthy, I will purchase luisa and mail her to you.
Heidi Wall is a communist.
I'm not making this up.
She spoke at the unveiling of something or other.
Can't recall.
Anyway, she wore a black shirt with a red star on it, and a red hat of some sort.
Looked a bit like a beret.
Her first words were Greetings, comrades.
I'm so serious.
I was shocked, frankly.
Frankly, you can be a christian anything, if you so desire.
There are christian satanists, I'm sure.
It would make bloody little sense to be a nonchristian antichrist.
What are you going to say, I don't believe in Christ, but I am opposed to him nonetheless!
See, the antichrist will follow christ, but just malevolently.
He'll be a fine christian.
No, you're a sot.
Slight difference.
The Cossacks are sided with the antichrist?
That actually makes a lot of sense.
The Cossacks killed Oldham!
Damn them.
Yes, those brave men of the 13th!
The thin blue line is a stupid British television show.
Well, then I'm glad they're dead.
The fewer Scots the better.
Well, you're consuming more than your share of alcohol.
There isn't enough for the rest of us.
We'd make you.
Anyway, scotch burns my tender, girlish throat.
bc, promise him hairspray and he'll do anything.
Why, so it can be cast aside by the rabble?
injun fare, you know
McDonalds is damn good.
I could eat nothing except Big Macs.
ketamenatcracine, or some such nonsense.
I was close.
That's what I saw.
bc> ketamine, yeh.
There are many.
I wonder what you meant by it, bc.
In what sense is she tight?
That's fine, bc has a degree in anal engineering, if you know what I mean.
We'll ask her how tight her anus is.
But she's not here.
Perhaps a diary is in order?
I should hope her anus is tighter than her vagina.
If not, things are not well down there.
I think you should write the diary, bc.
We all know how affectionate you are of luisa's anus.
You went on about it for fifteen minutes the other day.
Yes, that's right, bc.
I don't see why you should suppose that.
Whatever is stupid about posting such a diary?
We live in a modern, enlightened age, bc.
Prehistoric trappings of modesty and propriety have no hold upon us!
I had hoped that bc, of all people, wouldn't be so bound by outdated mores.
Never mind, I will do bc's work for him.
Can you post using bc's account?
If so, that's an excellent idea.
200 times worse than not bad at all is still not bad at all, bc.
While discussing various important matters in #adequacy, the question of la princesa's tightness was broached.
After some consideration, we concluded that he vagina is likely not very tight, but that her anus likely is fairly tight.
However, since we are unfortunately without any relevant empirical evidence, our conclusions amount to little more than idle speculation.
ok, second draft
While discussing various important matters in #adequacy, the question of la princesa's tightness was broached.
After some consideration, we concluded that her vagina is probably not very tight at all, but that her anus, in contrast, is likely fairly tight.
However, since we are unfortunately without any relevant empirical evidence, our conclusions amount to little more than idle speculation.
If la princesa, or anyone else with the requisite information, could kindly post a reply to this diary with an answer to our question, we would be much obliged.
Sincerely,
bc, qpt, Ubu
All around?
While discussing various important matters in #adequacy, the question of la princesa's tightness was broached.
After some consideration, we concluded that her vagina is probably not very tight at all, but that her anus, in contrast, is likely fairly tight.
However, since we are unfortunately without any relevant empirical evidence, our conclusions amount to little more than idle speculation.
Furthermore, reaching a resolution to this inquiry is of substantial import, as bc has wagered $1000 that she is, tighter than anything.
His confidence is apparently due to the various exercises
damnit
lemme try again
While discussing various important matters in #adequacy, the question of la princesa's tightness was broached.
After some consideration, we concluded that her vagina is probably not very tight at all, but that her anus, in contrast, is likely fairly tight.
However, since we are unfortunately without any relevant empirical evidence, our conclusions amount to little more than idle speculation.
Furthermore, reaching a resolution to this inquiry is of substantial import, as bc has wagered $1000 that she is, tighter than anything.
His confidence is apparently due to the various exercises la princesa engages in.
If la princesa, or anyone else with the requisite information, could kindly post a reply to this diary with an answer to our question, we would be much obliged.
Sincerely,
bc, qpt, Ubu
Did I spell 'la princesa' correctly?
Any edits?
Title?
That's a bit ghetto.
Better
I have it ready, but I wish to know Ubu's intentions first.
No, I have it ready to post.
I need only press the button.
Since Ubu's name is on it, however, I cannot in good conscience post it without his approval.
Why can you post it under his name?
First_Incision, luisa.
Should we have a poll?
Tight?
Vagina only
Anus only
Why do you have Ubu's account?
I know.
I just wanted a clickable link, but I mistyped.
I'm having doubts.
Why can't you post it?
Why not, First_Incision, she's tight!
No, bc, that won't do.
You need to post it as yourself.
Well, you are the driving inspiration, after all.
See, I don't want the credit, and neither do you, bastard!
I have an idea.
I was going to creat an account bc, qpt, and Ubu
Waiting for the email.
RobotSlave, hello.
posted
I'm no one's henchman.
but I forgot the poll
fuckitall
Oh well, it's quite nice anyway
poor luisa.
Maybe.
That's because you avoid people.
Hijinks involve people.
No, i'm just wondering what he's talking about.
Hardly surprising, for this channel.
You're all damned!
I was telling RobotSlave about hell the other day; he can fill you in.
But radiohead is the best band ever.
That counts for something, surely.
Well, thanks Ubu.
Where is that wretched wench luisa!
Did you see our diary, perdida?
I imagine you'll like it.
Ubu, too many commas and not enough words.
Is that right, RobotSlave?
I lived in Colombia on and off from '69 through '74.
Might we have seen each other?
And why not, RobotSlave?
Ubu is no fag, he just hates women.
And rightly so.
What's urban streetwear?
I hate niggers, spics, and crackers who act like 'em.
I see.
Not in my neighborhood.
Well, go to bed.
perdida, anii?
Absurd.
It's anuses.
She's an uppity jewess.
Why yes, bc.
Please do.
bc, I will destroy no one.
I never have and never will.
Can't.
Don't know how.
Nor do I have the desire.
Wouldn't.
Couldn't.
Name one person I've destroyed.
What you talkin' 'bout, willis?
Unwittingly, apparently.
I must be powerful indeed!
I didn't destroy mentots!
She's still around =
I did not.
I made one offthecuff comment =
I didn't, though.
I said she looked like a cheap hooker in a gast station restroom.
Which was also entirely appropriate, since that's precisely what she looked like.
Yay, more bile for the mix!
Fucked up beyond up, I think.
Not quite sure what that means.
Stop that nonsense, zikzak.
We need you to help us generate hate.
Once we produce a sufficient amount of hate, well, then we have.
the hate that we just generated.
The world is my pisshole, bitches, and here it comes!
Then, back to dust.
A human being is only a brief disturbance in the existence of some dust.
That's why I hate the rage.
I would like to IM all of you, please.
At once.
I know what you mean, bc.
I hate niggers, spics, and crackers who act like 'em.
krauts, I think.
Not sure what to call scandinavians.
Irish is enough of an invective on its own.
That's an unfair stereotype, bc.
I've never given a thought to any woman's pleasure, either.
I take what I want.
If someone else gets what they want in the process, it's unfortunate, but unavoidable, I suppose.
What's revolting is when one inadvertantly brings a woman to orgasm.
It immediately kills the mood.
I don't try, I just do.
There really should be some sort of public utility to dispose of used women, just as there is to dispose of other garbage.
Hello, luisa|.
luisa|, did you see the diary section?
hotgaybuttsexxx.
oops, wrong window
She called us naughty children, too.
She does.
I bet.
Is it.
adequacy?
So, what's this channel?
I wouldn't even look.
I really wouldn't.
I have no interest in discovering more about your sordid online sexlife.
Well, drunks like to talk.
When a young man's fancy turns to.
something.
Right.
That sort of behavior won't be accepted, unless directed against luisa.
Could you be a bigger a freak?
I really want to stay home and get drunk today.
I haven't any booze.
Too much trouble.
I might as well just go in.
Yes, and sexually harass women in a secret IRC channel, doubtless.
Right.
I'm off, bye.
pu s'tahW
Why again?
let me see tehm u fukin son of abihtc!
You're lying, though.
It's completely up to you.
But you always lie.
I am not the public.
I am your closest, most trusted Internet associate.
How hurtful!
It seems the top 5 aren't the public.
I am a evil spirit born of the barren wasteland.
You can trust me.
I breath quiet deceptions and in my gaze is only malevolence.
You can trust me.
You're a bastard.
You're all bastards!
I'm banned from #k5 and #/.
and #aq is full of bastards.
It's a channel for trolling cow and abusing raoul.
I believe so, yes.
I'm not sure.
Also, it's strange.
None of the IRC oppers hate me in #cowcult.
We carry on pleasent conversations at times.
Seemingly.
You must help me gain luisa's trust.
Something amusing is bound to happen.
Don't you like being amused?
Most people do.
Ah, but if you oppose me, I will give up straightaway and not even try in the slightest.
I think it's a fine strategy.
Just try to extract amusement out of me doing nothing at all.
I dare you.
We are alone in the channel, so that I may speak freely?
Well, as you may suspect, I have fallen for luisa.
Now, I realize that I have no chance to win her heart, but I would like some pictures to jerk off to, at least.
perdida, hello!
No, I don't think that would be better.
Thanks for asking, though!
I think I will be just satisfied with pictures, bc.
After all, seeing a picture of perdida pretty much killed any interest I might've had.
I hope there is a nuclear war.
That would be cool.
Hello, bc.
yoshi?
I won't believe it until I feel it, bc.
And if she is tight, she won't be once I finish checking.
Said one flea to another, as they sat contemplating the world from the viewpoint of a pig's ass.
I didn't read your comment, no.
Clickable link?
I don't see why I need to have sex with her to check.
I was planning on putting a latex glove, and checking with my fingers.
bc, she doesn't like it?
That's how I remember it, Ubu.
bc tends to be absurd.
Alcohol poisoning has left him a bit daft.
We try to humor him, though.
That doesn't make any sense.
I would be an idiot to take bc's or luisa's word for anything.
I'm not an idiot.
Either I stick something in that girl's anus, or you're not getting a cent, bc.
luisa, well, it would help if you were trustworthy, for one.
I do trust, zikzak, to be dense, ugly and acidic.
There shouldn't be commas around zikzak.
Shut up, luisa.
You're a damn liar.
Well, the constant lying might be a reason.
luisa|> i am trustworthy
Yes, you view them as positive suckers.
Either I stick something in that girl's anus, or you're not getting a cent, bc.
For once, I agree with bc.
I may indeed.
Yes, you must!
Very good.
I am too.
Much worse.
I might even.
what might I do?
Well, ink is cheap.
Implants are not.
bc, I didn't look?
I don't know what to tell you, then.
cept that you were mistaken.
Good to get that cleared up, though.
She was enthralling on ICQ.
Nor have I, bc, but I've heard things.
I've heard many things; most of them are false.
I've also thought many things, things that age your brain before its time.
You're likely diseased.
zikzak, you're in Texas?
zikzak, pity.
You could have had a threesome with Jin and luisa.
I would fuck jin with bc, were such a thing possible.
Not just his dick, but his whole self.
It would be fun!
I would rubber band your tiny hands behind your back, and stick you head first into her vagina.
In and out, in and out.
Was it something I said?
It's not polite to IRC while on the toilet.
I can't imagine anyone would actually do that.
Disgusting.
Have they had that nuclear war in Asia yet?
Ever since I learned that there were such things as nuclear weapons, I've been eagerly waiting for someone to use 'em.
I wouldn't sleep with any of my coworkers.
You were in a bar brawl, bc?
You're tiny, and weak.
zuul, Alyosha?
Pardon?
The Littlest Hobo is annoying.
I guess he's doing a good job.
Well, whoever he is, he does a fine job of evoking the annoyance that he's clearly trying to.
You like your women drunk and selfdestructive.
Makes sense.
I've never had a gin and tonic.
I haven't.
Why must I?
How is it made?
Sure, jackass, but the ratio?
Do you have a preferred gin?
I don't want to spend a lot.
16 is fine.
OK, i'll do that!
I've already seen that.
Have you convinced luisa to trust me, yet?
Because it is right.
I can no more convince you of that than I could convince you that the sun is bright, were you to doubt it.
It is plainly apparent to all men of reason.
You have already made all the necessary observations, bc.
If you cannot plainly see that it would be right for you to help me, then you are like a man squinting at the sun, insisting that it is dark.
No, it is every bit as obvious I suppose.
I fear, though, that you lack a moral sense.
I cannot say I am surprised to learn this, but it is unfortunate.
Vladinator, if a man were entirely unable to make accurate visual judgements, we would have no choice but to conclude that he is blind.
I don't see why we should treat bc's inability to make accurate moral judgements any differently.
What can I say but look at the action?
Apprehend it, consider it.
If its rightness does not strike you, as it must any sensitive person, then the fault lies in you, not it.
No, I'm asking you to look at the act itself.
How could fostering trust be anything except exemplary?
Excellent point, Vladinator, but as a devout Christian and moral paragon, I think I can be safely trusted.
I am not asking you to anything duplictously, and I am appalled that you would suppose that.
I only wish for you to put in a good, honest word on my behalf.
In that case, I think you need to carefully reexamine why you think I am evil, since clearly I am not.
You have gone astray in your moral observations, and it would serve you well to correct the mistake as quickly as possible.
Yet, when asked to enumerate these evil actions, you invariably resort to fabrication.
I suppose it's understandable that a liar, rapist, and drug abuser would have such confused notions.
Well, as a righteous member of the elect, my opinion naturally counts for more, but I wouldn't expect you to see that.
What are you talking about?
I accept nothing of the sort.
Since I resolve to believe only what is true.
You didn't teach me anything.
Except how to make a gin and tonic.
And you didn't even do a very good job.
I don't think so.
I haven't even a clear notiong of how to make the damn thing.
Calm down, you.
Don't be a belligerent drunk.
What's gotten into you?
About what?
That's a crying shame.
Who dared to disobery?
disobey.
What did you tell 'em to do?
Yes, but what is it that you wished?
You seem to have had quite a bit.
Did you go out, or did these bitches come by your place?
I've time.
Pardon?
Focus.
Dolgan zeroed it.
No, you won't.
Have another drink and calm down.
hahaha!
Good jong!
I want to go to the liquor store soon, but I haven't a car.
I have no use for liwuous, no.
Join you in what?
What have you written, bc?
Hello, luisa|.
Dearest luisa|.
We can't allow any of that nonsense in here, or we will be overrun.
shoeboy, the query editor sucks.
It should use a monospace font, allow tabs, and not mess up your SQL!
I hate it when it takes out all the line breaks and adds tons of parentheses.
Stroke his ego, luisa|.
Stroke his hot, hard cock.
er, ego.
Filthy?
I'm a lamb.
Not this one!
shoeboy, if you jerk first, you'll have sauce for your burrito.
selfreferential incoherence!
Yes, drink plenty of 13water.
That was supposed to be 12water.
You should've seen him earlier.
Or maybe you shouldn't have.
Regardless, it was pretty pathetic.
Especially when he was angry.
luisa|, worse.
Once you got past the misspellings, it was clear that he was just babbling nonsense.
He spent half an hour carrying on about how he wanted to fukc lusi in her tigth arss
Right.
I want to get my hands on luisa|'s ass.
There's $500 in it for me if I do!
Well, not literally in her ass.
I am too 
zikzak!
Unban me from #k5, plz.
No, I am quite averse to sex completely apart from therepy =
How can I be a whore if I refuse to engage in sexual contact of any sort?
No, luisa|, I have nothing to do with sex.
I don't wish people to find me fascinating, and I certainly won't accept money for it.
Promise not to pay me, too?
I quite like teenage girls.
Nonsexually, of course.
em, no.
Hello, RobotSlave.
bc suggested that I try gin and tonic, saying that I would enjoy it.
At the time, his BAC was legally dead, though, so if you could offer a second opinion of the drink, I would appreciate it.
Excellent!
Prabhat, colors are forbidden in this channel.
Don't worry about it.
I'm from Neoterra South.
No, enjoying a beer.
What do you mean?
That's a great way to get them.
I almost always have them, when I bother to visit.
watch yourself.
Oh, just some offand remarks you made in my private channel.
streetlawyers's ratio argument was wonderful.
It worked, though, because he didn't start off complicated.
He just calmly and confidently asserted an obvious falsehood.
Where, bc?
I'm writing a paper right now.
One section, unfortunately, bears on what Hume meant by meaning.
Most fucking confusing thing I ever tried to write.
Trollaxor and hhas turned against me.
Half as much should be in the OED.
Look for a colloquial entry.
You will forgive me if I speak with the common tongue.
I am a simple man, born of blood, soil and sweat.
What I was trying to say is that trollaxor and his crew hate me.
He even wrote a song about me!
I dare not speak up in #K5, kitten is there.
He'll call me an idiot and threaten me with death.
When I politely object, I will be banned.
kitten> qpt I want to beat you to death with a base ball you stupid fucking piece of stupid head!
qpt> I don't think that's fair.
qpt is banned
Ubu, that was a hypothetical scenario.
I wonder what I did to trollaxor?
Oh, wait.
I akilled him and a few of his cronies in here, but that was a long time ago.
akick, I mean
I'm not an ircop, really.
That wasn't very mature of you.
I am so proud of my qpt account.
I have hardly ever used a swear word, and I don't think I have ever once used a contraction.
On K5.
That is.
My theory is that it subconsciously annoys people.
I also try to avoid ending sentences with prepositions.
Follow those simple rules, and you'll sound like an ass!
I don't what you're talking about.
becomes I do not know of what you speak.
The latter inflames them!
It's all about the little things.
You need another verb in there, pal.
Excellent!
miniluv is describing something called a soggy biscuit to me.
It's revolting.
No, livewire_.
Ubu, apparently a group of guys masturbates onto a biscuit, and whoever finishes last eats it.
It's revolting!
Ubu can probably finish very quickly, though.
I imagine that Ubu could go from flaccid to ejaculate in under 12 seconds.
I hate Doyle.
He had Watson ejaculate every paragraph.
Really distracting.
Read the stories again.
Holmes replied, Clearly, the woman is a nude typist from India.
How can you possibly know that?
Watson ejaculated.
And so on.
I think he just couldn't help it.
livewire_, no shit, Sherlocke P
We're making dirty jokes about precontemporary literature.
Make what up?
Maybe we should take it down a notch.
Ubu knock knock
Aww, no need to cry.
haw haw
I'm thinking about petitioning rusty to change my K5 account name.
Well, I would send it just to help@k5
I want to be 'the qpt' instead of 'qpt', I think.
Who's this?
What should the word count on a K5 article be?
Thanks!
What's a black name?
Tyrone
Not over here.
I don't need a last name.
That's too black, sorry.
Is bc around?
zuul, vi?
So 'tis.
my head 
horribly drunk
I can't recall 
The gin was good, though.
I do remember that.
but it got me smashed way faster than is polite.
tanqueray
I'm somewhat surprised to learn that you have to eat.
Hello, Ubu, bc, and luisa|.
Who's LRC?
Well, it really did seem to come out that they didn't know what they meant by obey and submit.
Serious question, does anyone here know anything about Hume?
Yes, Ubu, but that alone will not be very helpful.
Philosophy textbooks are an abomination.
The courses should be taught from primary sources.
Weird.
I only had to have a copy of The Republic for Ancient Greek philosophy.
Which only makes sense.
Hello em!
bc is always up late these days
I'm ok.
hey folks.
hola, luisa|.
He won't stop saying mind and brain.
It makes him look so stupid.
bc, you around?
Your logic is flawless and your conclusions unavoidable, Ubu.
ana, the difference between starting social movements and trolling?
bc should know plenty about that.
Are there pictures, Ubu?
No, bc, I think it's fun when you have blackouts.
Speaking of bc's blackouts, look who's here!
No, cp.
bc, but I can't shut up 
I've had a few, and I just love to talk when I've been drinking!
Alcohol makes my head so fuzzy, though.
I remember that I wanted cp to investigate something for me.
but what was it?
sexy you mean.
I've often wondered how bc spends his time too.
I thought bc once ranted on for a good time about whips.
Could've been someone else, though.
RobotSlave wouldn't describe whipping luisa, though.
You said you didn't have one.
Is she new?
No kidding.
Meet her at the pub?
That's an odd answer.
Care to elaborate?
Seems to me that you either met her at the pub or you did not.
The question does not admit much ambiguity.
But why not, bc?
Why do you call her portia, then?
Well, why portia?
Not even her first name?
Who woos portia in the Merchant of Venice?
You've already taken too long, bc.
Alyosha> Who woos portia in the Merchant of Venice?
chloedancer gets it right.
How odd, bc, considering that you're reading it.
No, he's not.
bc, I don't think you got the name portia from where you said you did.
You are not Alyosha.
You just now figure that out.
You answered slowly, with no confidence, then later decide that you're certain.
Sounds like someone is using Google.
I don't think I've noticed a portia on this network, Ubu.
hahaha!
is a bit strong, don't you think?
It's not absurd that portia would be an ircname, and certainly not laughable.
chloedancer, I believe so, but bc didn't know that at first.
Which is odd, since he claims to be reading the play.
Oh, so you have dealings with a portia on a network Ubu didn't check?
chloedancer, bc has been carrying on about this portia that he appears to like quite a bit.
Ubu and I were questioning him about it, and he claimed, with luisa's help, that he got the name from the Merchant of Venice.
That's what struck me, also, Ubu.
It's almost like he doesn't want us to know about this portia.
But then why would he talk about her so much?
statbot come on baby indeed =
He loves 'em too much 
I've heard that luisa is tight, Ubu.
Whatever that means.
Ubu is terribly clever.
Have you even seen her, Ubu?
That's unacceptable.
Well, it's ana, for crying out loud.
Might as well op trollaxor.
Right.
There, happy?
You cam back, bc.
I hope your feelings weren't hurt.
The world looks rosy after a pint of rum.
Do you drink the mix, or just sing?
I'm trusted, of course.
It doesn't take effort.
Just one good post.
I hate black people.
Night!
Lucky lucky you.
I'm going to go edit a paper.
I'm getting wet and I'm all the way over here.
One more time and it'll be your last, Mr.
bednar.
spiralx is also fond of the nonword rediculous.
scanman, why are you so negative?
I don't know how 
You also tried to date Jin.
Look how that turned out!
Not quite.
He offered, she rejected.
He offered again, she rejected.
He offered once more, she rejected.
He posted a few spiteful diary entries about.
It's just so hard for a bitter, balding artfag to find love.
The world just isn't fair.
Or maybe it is.
Maybe bitter, balding artfags don't deserve love.
Maybe I am shockingly cruel and should apologize.
I'm sorry, zikzak.
I did.
Do try to keep up.
Who's twisting facts?
Well, I suppose we both are.
Jin becamse famous by virtue of my pursuit of her.
became
Largely true is pretty good for me.
I struggle for not entirely wrong usually.
You ICQ with her?
I always found that unbearable.
And I hardly ever did it.
bc was the true champion!
bc once gave me his ICQ account and I spent a week pretending to be him.
It did, luisa| 
I'm betting because she sent them nude pictures.
It makes me burn with jealous rage.
I don't see how 
I don't know how to do that sort of thing.
If Jin were willing, I could just have her send them to me.
But that's too straightforward to sufficiently entertain you.
Yes you dod.
Think how much fun it would be!
No, just point the camera at her.
Think about someone else.
Use an autofocus camera.
You're thinking too narrowly.
No, not a random chick.
I need it for personal.
satisfaction.
luisa|, how is it that you manage to be so helpful without helping in the slightest?
At least you said the exact opposite of what you meant.
There's a certain clarity about that.
All too often, people just say somethint tangential to what they mean.
What was that for?
It is.
lo, spiralx.
Raskolnikov, what's gotten into you?
Hey, you entrusted me to keep the peace in #aq, regardless of who is causing the disruption.
Who are you stalking, Raskolnikov?
The other place that you know that I know about, or the one that you think is still a secret?
I assume the former.
I'm Alyosha.
Right.
You want to know what?
That fcks sht p stuff is so funny!
I think I will too, spiralx.
SO DO I
Stop trolling.
They suck.
JUST LIKE THE REST OF THE SITE
Why is that good?
Like most people?
I don't think I know wha you're talking about.
I always feel alive.
Too alive, usually.
Fuck off, bitch.
I like Heart of Darkness and Apocalypse Now.
They weren't important.
Although, I don't remember it being very long.
112 for another edition.
Did you read the first and last five pages?
I convinced him to get drunk.
The conversation went something like I'm not going to get drunk.
You should get drunk.
I'll get drunk!
Raskolnikov, you should post a diary.
As Raskolnikov acting attorney, I'm going to have to advise him to shut up until he's sober.
Raskolnikov's, even
Maybe 28?
He's really pathetic.
You are.
I envy you.
I'm editing a paper, but I would rather by getting drunk 
Yes, I am, zikzak.
I have never had alcohol.
luisa gets on IRC while drunk also?
zikzak, you can order it off the Internet.
If it gets looked at, though, it will be impounded.
That's why I don't drink; I don't wish to be a felon.
Raskolnikov, let's go to wherever zikzak lives and have him buy us drinks.
Why none for me?
I want drinks, dammit!
zikzak, I'm an alcoholic.
No, she didn't.
Yay, another alcoholic!
I won't be able to drink for a good 5 hours 
He's going to be hard to shut up.
I wrote a little alias called /akickbc
I wonder if it works.
There we go
Do you want to die drunk in a gutter?
Is he going to be able to figure out how to get back in here?
Well, it's a two step process.
How do you mean?
I don't know.
You just missed bc, by the way.
I had to akick him with my handy new /akickbc alias.
There we go
zikzak, wasn't me.
He forgot to remove the akick.
Welcome back!
Your strumpet is here.
If you have alvhohol that you're not sharing, I'm going to be angry.
I envy clever people who do it.
kitten is clever.
kitten is a supergenius.
I was reading over all his posts, and I realized that I was wrong.
kitten is not a moron; he's really damn smart!
I just didn't understand what he was saying, that's all.
You should go to a pub, Raskolnikov, and socialize.
Have some NicoWater.
It's spring water flavored with nicotine.
I believe so.
Can't recall where I heard about it.
It might've been a joke.
zuul, nicowater is yummy.
zuul, forget nicowater
zuul, nicowater is the elixir of life
zuul, nicowater is also a gateway to marijuana
zuul, nicowater?
I wonder how much nicotine is in a bottle.
I wonder if Raskolnikov finally killed himself with that liquor stuff.
Hello.
We were just wondering if you were OK.
We're concerned about you, is all.
His girlfriend just ran off in a tizzy because of his alcoholism.
Yes, luisa.
luisa does not exist in my imagination.
I will post a diary about it.
It will be my big break!
You need more hair up there.
Somebody wrecked your car, RobotSlave?
zikzak, no, actually.
He's always moaning about something.
Was it insured?
Raskolnikov, it's 14 words.
How long should a 14 word diary take to write?
Well, that's good.
Was it just parked on the street?
You have the worst luck, RobotSlave.
Didn't someone steal your bathroom rugs a while back?
Real Men make women do as they please!
The men, that is.
As the men please.
That was confusing.
Or flaming meat, like zikzak.
akickbc
That's an actual command for me, too.
What's a vaginal monitor?
eek, naked women!
please warn before you post pornographic links.
Thanks!
akkkk!
Hollywood's product is too full of 9sex.
If you don't stop quoting stupid lyrics.
Should I use my alias, zikzak?
I thought you loved portia, Raskolnikov.
He loves luisa.
Also, he loves portia.
Buy puppies.
Will it launder money from Darkest Peru?
Paddington was from that region.
I just did.
He was found in a train station, yes, but he's from Darkest Peru.
Raskolnikov is sobering up a bit.
What happened?
That's a nice comment by bc, though.
There you have it; it was a deniindeed.
Desperately in love with Shoe?
Nobody sane could even like him.
Oh, gotcha.
What was a joke?
Ubu, you should duel Raskolnikov for luisa while he can't even see straight.
You'd have an edge.
There are still plenty.
Raskolnikov, remind me, what is chloedancer's opinion worth?
What is an IRC chick anyway?
I like the idea of milking men even less.
Cows must be milked, but I don't want to have anything to do with it.
Do you have a point hidden in there somewhere, Raskolnikov?
I got lonely 
Why do these yahoos think we'll tolerate being insulted?
You don't look like a teenage schoolgirl now, though.
She does not, zikzak.
She doesn't look a day under 28.
Maybe I'm thinking of someone else.
You did, Raskolnikov.
There's no need to tell her, though.
I'm always thinking about Ashley Olsen.
Adios, Senor zikzak!
I hardly threatened you.
I'm sure you were, but only because of your own alcoholinduced paranoia.
Raskolnikov, be reasonable.
What would you have had me do?
See, no threats there.
Just speculation and a suggestion.
Ah well, it's ancient history!
A while ago you loved me.
Poor guy.
I can tell you.
He sent me your pictures, as well as some other pictures.
Apparently, he feels quite guilty about it.
Well, there's no accounting for bc's drunken states.
I think he feels bad because he had resolved to not give them up, but he feels that I blackmailed.
Well, he didn't want me to find out about the other network.
But he was on here, with Ubu, raging drunk.
He told Ubu to invite me over to the other network, so Ubu complied.
Then he started getting all paranoid that I would do or tell someone something.
No, the same other network you know about.
He was especially afraid that cp would find out.
So I suggested that cp almost inevitably would find out unless he sent me your pictures.
It was right before his sober week.
First_Incision, it is shady.
Highly shady.
Maybe this was the end of his sober week?
Maybe he's an alcoholic and can't go a week without booze?
Do you dislike sleep?
I like dreaming.
My dreams are, without exception, positive.
Why not?
Oh, I have terrible, terrible dreams sometimes.
However, I always enjoy them.
It makes no difference what's going on, I enjoy dreaming.
I think I'm just incapable of feeling negative emotions while dreaming.
Experience the boy, or the dream?
I've never once had a dream of being deeply dicked.
I'm not sure.
I'm going to cry 
I hate editing papers after receiving comments on them.
Are you a belligerent drunk?
I'm a very happy drunk.
RobotSlave.
Time for?
Hello, bc.
No, he never did 
Nor did he reply to nathan.
I'm watching, though, and next time he posts, I'm going to argue with him.
Have you heard of tola?
It's a K5 user.
Doesn't like me.
Thinks I'm stupid.
I had never heard of him either.
bc, he's in #k5.
Who are those naked people to the lower right?
Okay, so that's the nile delta right next to them
Well, em, he sure showed you.
You're just wrong, I guess.
So wrong, localroger can't even be bothered to point it out.
Yes, Raskolnikov, but it's frustrating when the idiots won't admit it.
Why can't they just say, Yes, I don't understand what you're saying.
I'm just not intelligent or educated enough!
Please stop confusing me!
It is; he appears to believe he is smarter than some of the most brilliant people ever.
I just 0'd every unrated comment in that article 
I need someone to protect me from me.
21 zeros.
I'm not sure.
It just seemed like a good idea.
I didn't 0 medham, though.
That's mostly it.
When bc is away, though, I have a different strategy.
Whenever I go untrusted.
He gives me plenty of 4's and 5's.
I had put 21, but they're getting rated out.
No, sillies.
12 to 15 years.
For what, luisa|?
I came close to be executed in Texas.
Fortunately, I'm white, so the sentence was commuted.
I am not retarded, and they are forbidden to execute retards.
Meanie.
He sounds so hurt.
He thinks it was an act of malice, not of bored petulance.
I would, but I'd get 0'd 
Promise?
I don't like 2's.
You 0'd me 
You bastard.
Oh, you changed it, good.
I did!
What a cad.
em, sometimes it's fun to do things that one is incompetent at.
Sometimes that's all one can do 
Well, except the part about having many accounts.
K5 won't let me use  as a subject.
It doesn't work.
It just shows &whatever;
I'm in love with Outlook XP.
There are none of them around.
I don't think kitten is a nihilist.
Why isn't Raskolnikov in bed yet?
Why not give it a try, Raskolnikov?
Oh god I hope so.
That's true, I don't.
However, I want, nay, need, nude pictures of luisa.
For the cause, dear.
Always for the cause.
eh, the cause has no need.
Raskolnikov, you silly fellow, why are you awake?
About?
Please do tell us, Raskolnikov.
Or at least tell me, your close, trusted Internet associate.
Hello, AdequacyFan!
Yes, Raskolnikov, tell us what's up.
Raskolnikov, that really stings.
I have helped your with your plots and plans for months!
I have stood by you throughout it all!
Raskolnikov, it's times like this I'm glad I bothered to alias this.
oh, thanks!
What's wrong with tiger?
Someone in that article marcos disproves chaos theory.
Or one interpretation of it.
I have a theory, RobotSlave.
They are freewill incompatibalists.
They want to have no free will, so they cannot be held morally responsible for their actions.
Why not?
That's plausible too.
Modernity is long over, bub.
Arendt, I believe, talked about the foolishness of trying to take a viewpoint other than your own.
Or something like that.
I could never stand reading continentals.
em, I'll translate.
I'll wake up in a few minutes, but I'm posting now.
a/s/f?
if this article should make sense, it shouldn't say something stupid or wrong
I think that is true, if vacuous.
kitten said something basically unobjectionable, which is disappointing, because I want to argue with him.
I was banned too.
By harb.
For violate K5's nonexistent notrolling policy.
violating.
I went too far, though.
Not trolling, though, but I was overzealous in my attempts to rate crapflooders down.
So now I can't rate comments at all.
Also, every comment rating I ever did has been undone.
But what?
You're telling me!
I don't know what to do, except post a story to the edit queue every time I feel like rating a comment, indicating what my rating would have been, if I could rate.
Night!
Is bc being a drunk again?
Any Debian users in here?
I don't believe you.
Will you submit to a computer inspection?
1537 RobotSlave VERSION reply xchat 1.
8 Linux 2.
186mdk i686/448MHz
I got one back no problem.
I don't know?
It works fine.
It's proof that you were lying about having only Windows98, though.
And you do seem to know quite about about Debian.
Give it up, man.
You're beat.
Maybe we'll just skip the courts, then.
Trial generally preceeds execution, but there are different ways to do things.
precedes
I demand a lynching!
Unless you purchase drinks for us.
zikzak is a JAG fanboy.
I see him all over the JAG message boards.
I think I've seen Witchblade.
Is that the one with the woman who looks older than she is?
No, Witchblade.
The woman with the sword that grows out of her arm.
The cause doesn't require naked pictures of her, not in the slightest.
We've been over this already.
Anyway, I need to be elsewhere.
I don't like wishywashy people of any sort!
Mexico is a modest goal.
We're talking about conquest, no?
Raskolnikov, trhurler came after me like a rabid dog!
You drunkard!
He's a silly fellow.
The appropriate divisions in the orthodox sense are pragmatic, coherentist, and foundationalist
He's thinking of justification, not truth.
It's hard to reply to him, because he mostly just raves.
I hope so 
Raskolnikov, I don't know what to say to this kook.
He's just making stuff up!
He's also calling me a troll 
I don't see why priests need their naughty bits at all.
Why not chop 'em off?
Why are you still awake?
I'm concerned about your health, Raskolnikov 
Raskolnikov, trhurler isn't going to reply 
It's no fair.
I was kicking his ass.
Besides kitten and trhurler, who would be fun to pick a fight with?
Wouldn't that be counterproductive?
Time spent fighting with each other would be better served fighting with Kurobots.
Anyway, he has a masters in logic.
It would be suicide.
You just want to see me get killed.
Because you're mean 
Well, crap.
scanman is only 16.
Isn't this an adult channel?
Human emotions, clearly, bc.
em has no idea, and can have no idea, of what it is like to be human.
We had a good conversation about music once.
Yes, it was awesome.
bc, there's your trollop.
I know.
However, I maintain that luisa| is a trollop and a strumpet.
Why do you say that, shoeboy?
Her breasts look grotesque.
em, I think you should spend a year teaching ebonics to inner city children in L.
Why not spend some time with your cock, shoeboy?
Maybe em needs to spend more time with his cock.
Cockneglect can lead to linguistic burnout Marley 1997.
pregnancy, like you said.
Not only that, but I caught some nonimplied implications.
No, I shan't.
Hello, elby!
bc, go to google.
com and search for naked girls.
bc, ask K5.
They're all porn fiends.
What exactly do you want this for?
bc wants to get off without feeling dirty.
bc, ask luisa| to send you naked pictures of herself.
You hear that, do you, em?
bc, kill her husband.
Then seduce her.
What is this perfectly innocent reason, anyway?
Is it masturbation, bc?
Are you incredibly horny?
What other purpose might one have for pictures of naked girls?
Oh, em, I doubt not that you could find all sorts of dry, dull analyses to make on a picture of a nude girl.
However, bc is an actual person.
I just did it optionally, and let me tell you, nobody is ever going to have to force me to say tool kits!
In fact, you might have to force me to stop.
That strikes me as counterintuitive.
Thank goodness for psychology.
bc, you never told us what you wanted the pictures for.
luisa|, it's bc that wants them, not me.
Try to keep us straight.
Nice to see the channel is a gay joke waiting to happen.
I do, actually.
I want to fuck that little Scot six ways from Sunday.
There's nothing homosexual about my lust for bc.
bc is very corrupt.
Oh the stories I could tell about bc!
Do you stick fruit up shoeboy's ass, chloedancer?
You needn't answer if you don't wish to.
It wouldn't be wasted from his perspective.
And now you're worse, bc.
You cannot be saved.
elby, I wouldn't eat it.
Would you?
bc, to put the full court press on someone is to rape them, roughly.
suitable female
And boring, too, no doubt.
I'm sorry.
Maybe adding lots of links will help?
If you link every word, there doesn't need to be a gag.
pika pika!
Is Mr.
Raskolnikov about?
uh, I'm ok.
You revolution is over.
Weird.
mode Heidi kewl
He made the mistake of focusing on one argument, and I definitely won that round as a result.
I don't know what he'll say.
All of his objections to the coherentist/foundationalist combo were against either coherentism or foundationalism.
He didn't land a hit on the combination, as I pointed out.
Will you ever be allowed back on the other network?
You're going to get the entire Internet banned.
It's not amusing, you sick fuck!
I ought to kick you.
No, it's disgusting.
I hate you.
Those disgusting Dutch.
I hate sex.
I wish there was no sex.
Every time I try to go on a nice, chaste date with a boy, he tries to feel my firm young teen breasts.
No means no, mister!
What about real hippos, hmm?
Raskolnikov, why do you keep typing in the wrong windows?
Oh, how unusually.
Raskolnikov typed something in the right window!
unusual, I mean
Who were you /msging, anyway?
I win!
trhurler replied, and he is beat.
Hello, folks.
Hello, luisa|.
I dislike electronic music.
I blame the drugs.
I'm not an offending individual 
I'm like a fine wine or cheese.
cp, my knowledge of alcohol is limited to $5 bottles of vodka.
I scored 40% merlot.
Which is actually correct.
Amazing.
What's going on?
with people, luisa|, not just people.
Ah, drinking beer and watching a game.
Fucking redneck.
luisa| is a sick pervert.
You've never known a girl, pb.
Admit it.
I've never heard P.
I hate jazz too.
Jazz sounds like noise, only louder.
I'll pass, thanks!
Because he's ugly as sin?
My abode is a cave deep into the mountainside.
The oldest thing I own is from 1998.
zuul, bc?
zuul, bc is also a pillow biter
zuul, bc?
zuul, forget bc
zuul, bc is a reformed school girl or the sworn enemy of kitten or a putz or a pillow biter
zuul, bc?
There we go.
Specifically, someone on the receiving end of anal sex.
zuul, luisa|?
zuul, luisa| is a strumpet
And I'm no trannie, freak.
zuul, luisa is also a strumpet
zuul, luisa| is also a strumpet
zuul, luisa is also a common gutterslut
I don't like bacardi.
It tastes like fire.
To whore on the nice street corner, that's your aspiration.
zikzak, I'll paste my logs, ok?
pasting!
1809 <Raskolnikov> I just took a fancy to being red
1809 <tombuck> Amit it, it's your commie feelings manifesting themselves, isn't it?
1809 <Raskolnikov> >
1809 <tombuck> admit
1810 <tombuck> Fair 'nuff.
1810 <Raskolnikov> nonsense.
I took it from crime&punishment, so I am not commie, I am Tsarist and Imperialist
1810 <Raskolnikov> because it is a pre1917 work
1810 <tombuck> Jolly good show, old sport!
Now there's a system for running a country.
Yes, I most heartily 
agree!
1810 <Raskolnikov> Yes, I hate the serfs too
1811 <tombuck> Just as I do
There you go.
Trying to leave, no doubt.
I spent the summer of '98 in Glasgow.
I bought a Kiss me, I'm Irish sticker in Glasgow, and wore it around the whole time I was there.
Kiss me, I'm Irish!
What stoopid tihng?
stfuad
foad choad
Are you submitting a story, luisa|?
What about?
I'd vote it up if you were white.
You have to understand that I cannot break my commitment to preserve racial purity on K5.
gee, Sulla, what's the only thing I ever ugh about?
You're hardly one to talk.
Why should I do as you say?
But you're an irresponsible lush.
You're not fit to be the guardian of a rock.
No, I shan't.
I've an unopened bottle of vodka.
I think I'll drink the whole thing right now.
yep, it is.
Pardon?
What do you mean by that?
And I can't?
I said no such thing.
I never have had anything to drink.
Well, just purest spring water.
How could I get drunk off purest spring water?
No, bc.
It's 100% pure water.
Out into the World?
You should take your girl to the hop.
There's nothing frivolous about taking one's girl to the hop.
beesee
I should probably go and actually accomplish something today.
I am a cardcarrying Republican already.
Not really.
It seems like a lot of responsibility.
Isn't that what it means to rule the world?
I'm me.
Probably the most vacuous answer possible.
em is not a stupidhead, but you are, sir.
You do not.
Doubtless, but you've no pretty girl to look at.
There hasn't been a pretty girl in your abode for many a year!
What's her name?
Poor bc 
Giving someone a noogie is holding their head and firmly rubbing your knuckles agains their scalp.
Sexy Mature Women  Old babes taking it from behind  
trhurler gave up on me 
He hasn't replied.
ana, so good to see you.
Anyway, what's your take on sexy mature women, you know, old babes taking it from behind?
No, I think you're just a humorless ol' prune.
It was funny that you thought it was funny, but that's not quite the same, now is it?
Your strumpet is keeping you waiting?
You need to teach that bitch respect!
She's a common gutterslut.
Smack her around!
I tire of tolerating uppity women in this channel.
ana is too sensitive by far.
I think I'll have some iced oolong!
What's weird about iced?
Unless it's iced.
Well, what do you drink on a hot day to refresh yourself?
No, my iced oolong has no sugar and is flat.
Yes, but hot tea makes you hotter.
Doesn't that seem counterproductive?
I hate sweating.
I don't sweat a lot.
Also, I don't like being ventilated.
You should try some iced tea.
That's a damn lie, bc.
I don't drink 7 punds of liquid in a day.
How could I sweat it?
My total daily intake of everything put together is far less than 7 punds.
You're just making things up.
It is not.
Hey, bitch.
Also, I don't eat babies, freak.
I will, bc.
I won't.
Likely story.
bc, when was the last time luisa| produced anything?
She hasn't even started writing it.
Paste it into a /msg to perdida.
trhurler is a dork.
trhurler also stalks perdida.
He wants some Internet lovin'.
By post.
Second day international express.
First class.
Weave your story into the fabric of a dream and send it via the sandman.
Speaking of which, I had my first dream about Internet people \
You were, bc.
perdida was to, and she just couldn't stop cocksucking.
It was horrible!
It's not weird at all.
That's exactly what you'd expect to find at the bottom of the article given that luisa stole it from the AP.
I don't know, to tell the truth.
I just remember you were there.
The dream was very confused.
I do remember that we were conspiring though.
We were terribly clever.
There was some sort of war or battle going on, and we were going to do something terribly clever and win.
I can't remember what, though.
aww, but it's safer, too.
When is luisa| posting her story?
I'll vote it down, but only because I vote everything down.
bc, I can't vote anything up 
I thought he was in prison?
He should be put back.
I disapprove of escaped convincts.
convicts.
Who had him imprisoned?
Sex should only happen within marriage.
I see where this is going.
bc, stay the hell out of this country.
Iced tea is good, freak.
Try some.
Don't ice earl grey, though.
No, I'm not a big coffee drinker.
It's not very good.
Iced tea is great, though!
So is thai iced tea.
Fiddling about?
Don't link too much.
Nothing screams troll like links.
Of course, if you have no links, then you're obvious a troll, too.
It's tricky.
Also, don't like to the Economist.
Trolls link to the Economist.
Someone gave me a knife today, and now I want to cut things.
Did you remember to mention cock?
Watching #k5 language wars saps the strength from my limbs.
I just have to type /j #kuro5hin
Hey you smoking mother nature, this is a bust.
It'll hit 20 in 40 votes.
I'm going to say that you plagiarized, and link to some random article on the NYT website.
People will click the link, say Crap, I don't want to register, and vote you down.
Aww, shucks, bc, you know I wouldn't do that!
I'm on your side, right!
Nah, I'm always on bc's side.
Yeah, but he's my dick.
Listen up, ok.
The sight of nude women makes me horny.
If they're nude and female, I don't mind 'em a bit.
Maybe you'll get a replacement.
There's many like me to be found  mongrels, who ain't got a penny, sniffing for tickets like you on the ground.
How does one get really fat?
I would like to be fat.
I would also like to drink a lot of beer.
Just that, by itself?
Such luck!
That was me.
I think Pamela Anderson is unbearably sexy.
She makes me squeal with lust.
Fuck off.
I bet you fuck pigs, doncha, pig fucker?
I like big butts.
Hey, missy, I'm not Frank Stallone.
I'm not interested in herbal health care, buddy.
I expect drugs and lots of 'em when I'm ill.
No, you want homosex.
Spoken like an Adequoid.
I like kitten just fine.
He's my kind of people.
Nobody has taken the bait.
I'd like to cook luisa|'s rabbit.
It is a rather bad one.
Guess what I'm drinking, bc!
Iced tea!
You haven't even tried it 
Well, I hate to sound like a gk, but their perl solution for unique at least isn't very good.
I'm sorry for saying that 
pb, that's what I'd do, and then use keys.
em, that is a bit strange.
The more I learn about England, the less I want to visit it.
There's nothing like iced tea to chase the blues away!
iced tea
Because you're inhuman.
I think I'll have more delicious iced tea.
You're not a recovering alcoholic.
It's a lie.
So, luisa's story is all the way up to 5.
pb, how do you feel about iced tea?
Of course you do, because it's good.
bc has never had iced tea and refused to try it.
I don't sweeten my iced tea.
piping hot beer is good.
Nothing like hot beer on a cold day.
Corona Light just wouldn't be good.
Period.
No beer is good until it's sweetened.
It's important to mix in a few tablespoons of sugar.
It gets yummy.
O'Douls is the nonalcoholic beer?
I've never had that.
It's for those who don't want alcohol but love the great taste of beer.
Remind you of your chief from back hom, Wallace?
Yeah, you're getting on my nerves too.
1720 ChanServ    22  1337  Ubu
He just needed to identify himself with nickserv.
No you don't.
You're always wrong.
You didn't ask me, but I like tabouleh, although I wouldn't want to eat it every day.
Tabouleh actually is a food?
He's not a moron.
He has another account, and just does that gig for laughs.
Let me ask you something.
Have you ever seen Iasson and medham in the same room?
Hint no.
OK, let me ask you something else.
Are Iasson and medham account that both belong to the very same person?
Hint yes.
bc, some iced tea would fix that.
That reminds me.
0721 <perdida> I'm so horny.
I wish bc were here.
It should.
Run a cold bath.
bc is further north than Moscow.
There's no 24 hour sun where you are, bc.
I'm bad with the celsius scale.
I know water boils at 100!
and freezes and 0.
Where I'm going for part of the summer, it can get up to 100 F.
The hottest I've been in is about 40 C
I didn't like it.
And I'm routinely in 35, which is much too hot.
You were freezing in 50 C weather?
The hottest thing I remember touching on accident was 245 C
What happened?
Were you burned?
Some oil jumped out of an overheated deep fryer onto my finger.
The back of my finger died and rotted away.
It was gross.
When it happened, It felt like someone had smashed my finger with a hammer.
Then my whole arm went cold.
It was bizarre.
I was at home, zikzak.
It was a pan that was being used as a deep fryer.
Well, I've done it with ones that weren't on fire.
It does indeed explode.
Yes, communication through vibration.
Most everything is, these days.
tps12 has posted 400 comments in the past 7 days.
That's remarkable.
cp, the Catholic Church has called for the boycott of everything at one time or another.
What did he do to you?
Why do you try to be a logical positivist?
Are you doing standup, em?
What's up with MIT?
sounds like a leadin to a bad joke.
Of course not.
Don't worry about it.
I am unable to access your site, bc.
The sight of naked women makes me ill.
Shut up, bc.
That's disgusting 
I do not.
When did I say that?
You're lying, like always.
That's a damn lie.
Why do you freaks insist on trying to besmirch my good, chaste reputation?
I only said that to get ana to leave.
And you're misquoting, anyway.
I have no desire to have anything to do with any naked woman, or man, for that matter.
I would like everyone to just keep their clothes on around me, thanks.
No, modest clothes.
Clothes that modest people wear in public.
Not sexy!
Just modest.
I hate you.
I once saw my girlfriend's bare shoulder 
bc, yes, thank goodness.
A duplicitous, irresponsible, cruel man?
He's been thinking about it for as long as I've known him.
duplicitous   Pronunciation Key  dplsts, dy
Given to or marked by deliberate deceptiveness in behavior or speech.
See bc.
Right.
What's the mode letter?
Is it s?
What's r?
So did I.
I once did /mode qpt abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
I couldn't hear what anyone said.
See, now somebody talk.
I can't read anything!
Can you read this?
This is absurd.
Hello?
There we go.
It's gkd or l that does it.
What's the point of being deaf?
Another reason to avoid the south.
I like big butts.
I don't think he was great at all.
I'm still not born yet 
I wonder how many more would be masturbating if bc and luisa hadn't been so appallingly and repeatedly incompetent.
Yes, it was.
What's the one thing nobody had yet suspected?
That's right, cunt's post.
Excuse me?
He was trying to troll K5, not get you off, Ubu.
Like who?
valeko is Russian.
He'll believe that potato vodka is fine wine if the Party tells him to.
I want your sex.
Why not?
Throughout history is a wretched way to start a paper.
It means just what it says.
He's talking about perspectives, pb.
That's because you're a lowly nerd.
We don't ask our ditch diggers what they think of Dickens, and we're not going to ask our computer janitors either.
Electronic music is the best.
Actually, I normally like submissive females, but I hate popsy.
I'd love to fuck with Ubu, too.
If he weren't so old, ugly, male, and Jewish.
Yeah, American Indians are too Jewish for me.
Let's make fun of Mormons!
It'll be so funny when you're burning in hell, you fat stupid fuck.
What's that?
It was just raining.
Gin whisks me away to a sunny clearing in a pine forest.
Most vodka tastes like a chemical.
zuul, luisa| is also a strumpet.
Actually, alcohol sounds horrible right now.
I have never drunk alcohol.
I would rather put my hand in a furnace than between a woman's breasts.
I would rather put my hand in a furnace than between a woman's breasts.
Better my hand be consumed in this life than my whole soul burn in the next!
I wasn't breast fed.
I was raised from birth by Jesuits.
I thought natural law was a type of ethical theory.
It's bc, no doubt.
zikzak, now there's child porn in your browser cache forever!
You're going up the river, fellow.
tiny_pea, have someone jailed!
I've always wanted to send someone to prison.
You drink, smoke, and suck cock.
Doesn't sound to me like you are allergic to evil.
I should be in bed.
Send me a sign, #adequacy!
greenrd is insane.
Hey, folks.
Night.
So, where's the excitement?
I feel a bit blah.
I just wanted to watch.
Voyeurism can be rewarding.
Speaking of which, I would actually rather watch the lady next door be naked in front of her uncovered window.
Unfortunately, I can get in in trouble with the law for that, which is just wretched 
I'm sure I don't care about spelling right now.
Anyway, you're probably right, but it is a gamble.
I don't even know who my neighbors are 
Offhand, of course.
Admit it, you have tons of experience.
This channel had the making of a great novel, but it never pulled together.
A cast of intelligent, quirky characters, each damned by their own personal failing.
Hello, Ubu
Ubu, I'm thinking of watching the naked neigbor woman through her uncovered window.
You think?
What happened?
I see.
I got through periods of not liking my girlfriend very much.
We've been together for a bit over a year.
That would be unfortunate.
However, there are many nearlyideal people with a few unbearable flaws.
IRC is for venting.
Hello again, Ubu.
Was he offended by the hacker article?
I have a kitty
She's small, furry, and cute.
She's also a brilliant predator and extremely dangerous for creatures of the correct size.
Yes, but she prefers birds to rodents, which is annoying.
K5 is so packed with pedophiles that it sickens me.
gir GIR gir GIR
Ha ha!
You so stupid!
I talk to the channel
Talk talk talk!
Ha ha ha!
It's a medium number.
For any finite positive number, there is a finite set of smaller positive numbers and an infinite set of larger ones.
Still, nodsmasher, even with real numbers, for any finite positive real number, there is a small infinity of real numbers between it and 0 and a larger infinity greater than it.
Any real number greater than 0.
That isn't infinity, 'cept that's not even a number.
Yes, nodsmasher, but that's a smaller infinity than the infinite number of reals larger than it.
No, nodsmasher.
Here, let S be the set of reals smaller and L be the set of reals larger.
There is no way to correspond every value of S with every value of L.
I mean every value of S with a value of L.
Roughly, if your number is N, then S has Ninfinity values while L has infinityinfinity values.
No, I'm not.
Are you angry that you didn't make it, bc?
I liked Why Community Matters
I think K5 should have a Constituion.
You UKians don't recognize the importance of a Constitution.
ur just silly!
I think she's attractive.
Photograph?
Where?
For the love of God, please!
bc, where's the photograph of webwench?
You are, luisa|, except for the pretty part.
And you're not really wicked, either, at that.
Obnoxious, maybe?
I think I'll stick with petty and obnoxious.
She can probably put both her feet behind her head.
bc is redlining on backpedels per minute.
I didn't make any mistake.
I'm not.
I'm being correct.
Should I help, bc?
If he were famous, I would've heard of him.
Oh, like green?
I am proficient in their use.
Ange|_Baby^|, do you have blonde pubic hair, perchance?
This channel is for blondes, and we can only allow naturals.
I hope you understand.
I don't see how he can, unless he's gone muff diving.
No one is being vulgar!
It's a perfectly innocent question.
Perhaps she waxes or shaves down below and has forgotten what color it is.
Ange|_Baby^|, I have no idea what my girlfriend does were her pubic hair and it's none of my business.
I would appreciate it if you didn't slander her, though, by calling her sick.
She's a very sweet girl.
tiny_pea, I'm nothing of the sort.
I'm a chaste heterosexual.
Of course India has PCs.
India is one of the technology capitals of Asia!
Frankly, in today's uninhibited culture, matters of pubic hair really shouldn't be considered private.
Where does |^Ange|_Baby^| live?
Well, I'm rather conservative and puritanical.
I don't see why you make a big deal about being white.
See, in #adequacy, we aren't racist.
I know that may come as a surprise to you.
I suppose you're right, cp.
She can't help it.
In fact, you may be talking to black people right now.
I frankly have no idea.
Interesting.
We'll have to dispatch a team to take care of mIrc.
He'll rue it if he did.
tiny_pea has seen more pubic hair than is probably healthy.
I've never seen a woman's pubic hair.
I'm 22, |^Ange|_Baby^|
Well, momocrome, I've seen my own.
I've also doubtless seen someone's in the locker room or such, but I can't recall.
I just wanted to be absolutely sure that I was saying something true.
tiny_pea, I think |^Ange|_Baby^| might be fat.
I don't wish you were fat.
I have a lovely girlfriend who I am immensely attracted to.
Perhaps some day I will touch her.
I write for mises.
I dispise libertarianism, actually.
Libertarianism is little more than an excuse to engage in sexual perversions without consequences.
Anarchocapitalists are libertarians, Thlayli 
Libertarians are atheists.
No, they don't.
I've talked to plenty of libertarians.
They're all atheists.
Von Mises was an atheist, as was Rand.
Ubu is not a libertarian, though.
Jefferson was a deist.
And not much of a libertarian.
He is not!
He pretends to be a libertarian to work people up.
There's a difference.
He doesn't pretend to be a fascist, though.
Thlayli, the sheer number of lies you are capable of spewing per minute never ceases to amaze me.
Neither of you are libertarians or theists.
Heretics.
Yes it was.
I have no interest in legitimizing heresy by engaging it in debate.
McPhereson is a lunatic.
Also, Baptists are heretics.
The Roman Catholic church, of course.
However, while the other Orthodox churches have been mislead, I do not term the heretics.
The protestant church, however, is unsufferable.
Quite alright.
We just were talking past each other.
When you claimed that there were Christian libertarians, I assumed you were claiming that adherents to the True Church also practicied libertarianism.
Not surprising, since you seem to enjoy abominations of every sort.
Walking reflectively through the hallowed halls of the Holy See, you will never hear a beep or thud, I will promise you that.
Where's that, Thlayli?
I don't see IRC or chat on that page.
What should I search for?
That is not a condemnation of anything.
I don't fault your misinterpretation, since you are likely not used to reading such edicts.
See, Thlayli, what you found is the question that will be discussed in the piece, not the conclusion.
Quote.
As we have seen, the virtue of solidarity is the measure of the Internet's service of the common good.
That hardly sounds like a unilateral condemnation.
Also, All users of the Internet are obliged to use it in an informed, disciplined way, for morally good purposes
Well, they are heretics
I don't think I'm imposing on anyone by saying that.
Not at all!
They are as free to continue being heretics as ever.
raoul is a good fellow.
I think you're reading too much into the term heretic.
Not at all.
luisa| is my peer in the channel, and you are my superior.
If I kicked nodsmasher or raoul, the sitution would be different.
I didn't wish to keep you quiet.
I wished to gently chastise you.
Of course it can be.
One can be chastised by one's peers.
The simply fact is that I am not in a position to impose anything at all on you.
You're being silly now.
I'm in the minority!
If anything, you two are shaming me into giving up my beliefs.
I'm bein opressed!
oppressed
Thanks.
Hello.
My Milton crapflood hurt my mojo 
Since Milton is not crap, true.
I have no idea who you are, mc.
I don't talk to strangers.
I tried to pick an applicable passage, even.
I've been rereading Paradise Lost.
Thlayli, I like worry about mojo.
I could become untrusted.
You're always trying to get me in trouble.
It's not easy, though.
Finding an applicable passage of Milton that is also relatively selfcontained so it can be copied and pasted and make sense is a lot of work!
William Blake?
He's a bit modern, don't you think?
lp might actually be voted to the front page!
I hate English!
I can't even read it 
I'll find some milton for it.
RobotSlave, yes.
I love Milton and want to share.
I'm hoping the slected bits will pique people's interest.
the > that
slected > selected
I want a pint or four.
Goodness, you are drinking a lot.
When I down a bottle of gin in an evening, I don't pretend that I'm not being horribly dysfunctional!
oh god I want a bottle of gin
It is, RobotSlave, which is why you're so poor.
RobotSlave still hasn't gone drinking with me 
I started again, luisa|.
I had a few pints on the 4th
Holiday drinking doesn't count?
dammit.
Thlayli, unhide me.
Who zeroed me?
greenrd better not have.
I know!
I had no idea Milton was so unpopular.
infinitera hands out altogether too many zeros.
I don't understand how he gets away with it.
Goddamn, hidden again!
When did Milton stop being wellregarded?
I can't link the comment, for obvious reasons.
He'd complain and you'd lose your ability to rate.
The system is unjust.
I feel like the fellow from A Clockwork Orange.
An aggressor, defanged, and now at the mercy of his former victims.
2s are insulting.
Pleased to meet you.
Why is that amusing?
Slashnet provides reliable hosting and courteous server operators for a competitive price.
I would be out drinking with RobotSlave except he keeps making excused.
excuses.
I think he hates me.
You don't know me.
He uses raoul's ISP.
Maybe he's in Canada too.
They are depressing, Thlayli.
What ingrates?
There are so many.
Just <peter> Has he gone to sedate himself?
I don't know how those people live.
They don't appreciate anything worthwhile.
They live cold, humorless, lonely lives, numbing their pain with cheap alcohol.
I saw.
I liked it quite a bit.
I would've given it a 5, but for the obvious.
Thlayli, is a medeira a sort of woman?
Of course.
I keep foolishly expecting you to act like an actual human!
Well, First_Incision, many Catholic girls in fact are not.
Catholic, that is.
Pasta is delicous.
Try gin.
With tonic.
Also, gin with fresh lemon is good.
It was 45C here today.
There's a crying baby here!
momocrome, yes.
It's not even English.
em is just making stuff up.
Finish down your homework?
Excuse me?
eh, I give down.
Elitism always wins in this channel.
Which one?
Rob W.
Malda!
I'm thinking about living in New England.
Should I acquire a taste for Sam Adams?
Make them or cook them?
Was the Chinexe box argument Searle's?
Yes, I did mean Chinese
I wouldn't trust those Nigerians.
I tried to help them out but never received a penny.
That's absurdly large.
What would one do with such a dildo?
Arguing in K5 is laborious.
Oh, I quite.
kitten and greenrd, though.
They can't seem to accept that I'm not a radical.
Of any sort.
They are entirely incapable of seeing any middle ground on an issue.
They see only black and white.
If I don't agree with them entirely, I must disagree entirey.
If I'm not this, I must be that.
It's annoying.
greenrd has been through university, though, and should've acquired a more nuanced and balanced worldview.
Making an arse of oneself is an invaluable experience.
I really do mean that.
Once you've made an absolute public fool of yourself, you can build both humility and real confidence.
I cannot reach aq.
But the real question, em, is can anyone reach you?
Do you think anyone will be able to reach em before it's too late, bc?
Prick his heart with a needle and you will not draw blood, of that I assure you.
Same here.
zuul, dns www.
kuro5hin.
Well, there you go.
To lose both em and aq's dns records in a single day is a heavy blow indeed.
Well, damn her!
Unless she's cute.
I HAEV TEH POWER
I want ops in #k5.
I will ban justinfinity with impunity!
It is.
Also, harb no longer hates me, so I have been free to troll #k5 worse than I have in a long time.
I want to make another Milton post, but it's hard 
The queue is not giving me much to work with.
I can't read Beowulf.
Exactly.
We Gardena         in geardagum, 
eodcyninga,         rym gefrunon, 
hu a elingas         ellen fremedon.
I mean, what the hell?
t hine on ylde eft gewunigen 
wilgesias, onne wig cume, 
leode gelsten; lofddum sceal
in mga gehwre man geeon.
I wish I could read English.
Were does one go to learn how to read English?
Isn't that great?
What is the population of Nizhni Novgorod?
That's respectable.
It doesn't look very big at all.
HALLO SIR
HOW R U?
I'm not a logical positivist P
Gee, thanks.
I think many people forget, and easily enough, that there's something that it's like to be intelligent.
Above and beyond mere stimulous/response pairs.
What's this?
I wrote a gpl/prostitution essay.
It even was published!
You may link to it, luisa|.
I can't imagine they're very similar at all.
So, why write an article comparing two things that aren't at all similar?
Well, done, friend em.
Creole is from the southern U.
It's like French.
Only different.
I'm going to become a fatty.
YOU FAT DEVIL YOU
Why didn't you ever get me naked pictures of the bombshell?
DAMN YOU
Dammit, luisa|.
DAMN IT TO HELL
You know I loved her 
I wanted her.
Barring that, I wanted pictures of her naked.
I HATE YOU ALL
BUT NOW I CAN SCREAM AT YOU ALL IN PEACE
SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DIE BITCH
Well, that was good for me.
9,8Test
13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 13,6cute 6,13CUTE 
augh indeed.
Lushes.
DAMN ALCOHOLICS
2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 2,7booze 7,2BOOZE 
He's knighted?
Does he ride around jousting?
That would be so kewl, dewd.
Thlayli, where's yours?
You bitch
Stop flooding the channel with crap!
3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 3,5crap 5,3CRAP 
seventypercent!
my luvr
You were supposed to write while drunk, since it increases your creativity.
Get a room.
Why would I want to have an Internet romance with a girl who looks like a monkey instead of an actual romance with a sweet, adorably precious, beautiful woman?
hmm, let's think.
You know, I can't think of a single reason!
Have I?
Or did you hear what you wanted to hear?
Well, I was speaking metaphorically, no doubt.
I know nothing of the sort.
When I annoy my closest colleagues, Thlayli get's angry.
chanserv akick #adequacy add !
4KABOOM!
You are doing it deliberately.
Why else would you do it in here?
Shut up.
You always lie.
You do love the monkeygirl!
There is nothing beautiful about dishonesty!
Go to #teamwankoff or something.
There's precious little else to like about her.
chanserv op #adequacy qp
2125 ChanServ Permission denied.
I was removed.
Banished.
I just don't get it.
I don't understand why siezing control of a country and brutally silencing the opposition is stupid.
Any help?
sweetie 
fuck it
wrong window P
I love you too, baby.
Good night.
So dense 
I'm worn out.
I wonder, am I the dumb one, and I just can't see what is so obvious to everyone else?
Or are they as irrational and closedminded as they seem?
They seem irrational and closedminded, but I've been wrong about things that seemed obvious before.
Maybe a little.
I've very idealistic under all these trappings of cynicism.
Well, I've been wrong before about the obvious, so I prefer to be cautious.
Bukkake is a soup, right?
I think that's what cp said.
Yes, I do.
My curiosity always gets the better of me.
I think I am.
What is it?
Yes, but what is it?
That can't be right.
How can that be legal?
An auto race?
I should be shocked, but I can't even imagine it.
Sex with 500 people?
Doesn't she get, well, sore?
And why would she do that, anyway?
Why would anyone subject themself to that?
OK, she gets money.
There are many ways to make money besides doing that.
Anyway, isn't dignity better than money?
I think a prostitute can still maintain some dignity.
However, having sex with 500 men is so far beyond the pale of what might be necessary for survival, that it just isn't comparable.
Yours is probably the best attitude, Ubu.
Why stop there?
Couldn't she do 621?
4 hours.
That's 23 second/guy.
That's pretty quick.
Ubu, I hope that wasn't it.
portia, I'm sure those filthy perverts wouldn't have minded if she peed while she lay there.
4 hours!
Who would want to watch 4 hours of some bimbo getting banged again and again?
Yeah, but 4 hours!
Would one watch it all in a single sitting?
I have never had sex, portia, and I want to less and less.
I hope to marry a virgin and never have sex with her.
We will die virgins, together.
A virgin is someone who has not had sex.
My current girlfriend is a virgin in the very strictest sense.
I hope to marry her.
My girlfriend.
Thanks!
hurstdog is cyndrekit's brother?
I hope to reenter academia and never again leave it.
They're still carrying on in #k5.
She's an actress, bc.
Hard to say, cyndrekit.
Yes, it's really me.
I wonder what he wanted.
he's so dumb
perdida has been ousted too?
I don't think he hates me.
I imagine you'll get exactly what you deserve, bc.
No, you deserve a ban.
Definitely.
Your crimes!
They have the entire internet on their server.
Can I be KTB?
Yeah, but 'bc' never seems right.
I think the KTB account was anonymized.
Wasn't it?
Bait greenrd.
has gotten a lot better.
em  What's most endearing about em?
1 His fussiness.
2  His utter lack of empathy for others.
3  His exstensive and vocal interest in music no one cares about.
Nasty?
I love it!
I'd like some quinine to drink now.
Well, I'd have other stuff to mix it with.
That sound delicious, bc!
I'll have to try that sometime.
seventypercent, are you a gk?
Perhaps.
We'll see who's the fool when I cast you from heaven!
qpt you're not channel operator
Your nickname is pretty sucky, First_Incision.
How about fin?
Or Chuque
McPhereson
Barry McPhereson would be a good nickname.
I just remembered a K5 account I used to have!
Unfortunately, I've forgotten the password and email.
It was la princessa
I'm not sure why.
Can't recall.
I'm sure it will be annoying, luisa| =
At annoying people, yes.
Hardly annoying.
SHUT UP ABOUT THE DAMN SALMON BC
Well, bc, people call it salmon, so it's salmon.
I like halibut, too.
Grilled halibut with garlic rosemary mashed potatos and buttered asparagus.
Not to each other, Ennius_.
I'm not in Seattle, but it's damn hot where I am.
Southern Oregon.
bc has a lack of desire/drive/passion to accomplish anything worthwhile, and that's like a mortal sin.
bc, as I understand it, lives in some sort of substandard dump and has a less than remarkable job with no noticable ambition.
bc has done a good job establishing himself as a backstabbing drunken twit.
zuul, qpt?
zuul, Alyosha?
Oh, I don't care about it.
K5 is making me unhappy.
Are you turning into a gk, Thlayli?
I don't hid anything.
You're a strange one.
That was fast.
I posted that comment just a minute ago.
Too much sex, violence, and humanism.
hello bc
wats up
so hows it goin
yor welcome
whats up?
Not so good.
I am still unemployed.
I realized that I don't actually want to work.
I just want money.
Perhaps my new understanding of my desires will help me direct my efforts effectively.
I cannot stand the thought of sex.
I can't rate comments at all.
dammit, I just finished reading momocrome's diary.
Can I be an editor?
I promise to not write any less.
zikzak, why, bc is in Houston with luisa|.
I thought you knew.
It's quite true.
He's in Houston.
I swear it!
Whatever do you mean?
bc lusts after her madly.
Oh, posh, I think it's great!
They're such a cute couple.
Anyway, it's only proper for a girl to appreciate a guy's attention.
No, she's a delightful girl.
I met her a few weeks ago when I was in Houston for a conference.
Shoeboy has, repeatedly, threatened to shoot me and rape the hole.
I am adorable!
Everyone likes me.
I used to be in the Seattle area and will be again soon.
In Seattle?
Just Seattle alone is a bit more than 500K
Seattle is 70% white, thank goodness.
Why must one's minor apply to one's field?
I have to bachelor's degrees, neither of which has anything to do with the other.
I have a degree in Women's Studies.
I am certified to study women.
English.
No, I can study any women.
Dammit, why does everything have to be about money?
zuul, zikzak?
zuul, zikzak is also a dirty capitalist pigdog, worshiping only mammon
zuul, zikzak?
It's no joke.
I assure you of that.
zikzak, if the site were a joke, it stands to reason that the FAQ would also be a joke.
A system cannot be proven nonhumorous using only the axioms in that system.
I forget who proved that.
comedian
I'm not sure I even understand the question.
I believe that there is stuff on that site, for sure.
What exactly do you want to know?
I might point out that a major league baseball player who batted .
750 would be assured a spot in the hall of fame.
We're telling you that it's not a joke, but it's at least conceivable that us telling you that is a joke.
Nor am I.
But can anything be proven?
Yes, Luke1.
What do you want to know?
Godel's incompleteness theorem of potentially humorous systems, however, proves that you cannot trust my answer.
Luke1, the site is not a joke.
It isn't a joke.
Once in a while, a user may post a humorous comment, but the site is intended as a serious outlet for considered opinions.
Well, I do for one.
Correction, I don't read the site, but I believe what's written in it.
Luke1, I live in Eugene, Oregon.
I have been married for six years, and have a daughter.
I am 31.
I've been friends with the founder, elby, for years.
I gave up alcohol, due to Adequacy, and now my marriage is incomparably stronger.
Absolutely.
My daughter is only four, but Adequacy has proved an invaluable childrearing reference.
When she reaches her teenage years, Adequacy's information will be even more valuable.
First_Incision, I am archiving it.
Luke1, we're tired of hearing about the Hacker article.
All the homosexual's I've known have been flamboyant in dress and character, and loose in moral and bowels.
homosexuals
Luke1, you're lying, and lying is awfully close to trolling.
Trolling is not tolerated on Adequacy or in #adequacy.
seventypercent, Catholicism is the one true Christianity.
Heresy!
Heresy is doctrine in contrast to the teachings of the Catholic Church!
No, only Catholics can go to heaven.
seventypercent is being stupid.
Silence, apostate!
Thank you, perdida.
The True Catholic Bible.
You're gonna need fake teeth after I'm through with you.
I get the feeling Luke1 confuses Mark Twain with Huckleberry Fin.
One is an author, the other a book.
I have the feeling that heath and Luke are going away for a long time.
heath, as soon as you promise to stop being annoying, you can talk again.
Gin is good.
You look smashing with no hair.
The heat is not too bad here, if you stay inside where it's air conditioned.
I'm in Oregon.
Are you meeting some Adequacy buddies, RobotSlave?
I would feel inadequate meeting Adequacy people.
They're so clever.
RobotSlave, and rightly so.
You were disruptive.
I'm having enough trouble finding work for myself.
Yeah, I'm not laughing about being unemployed either.
zikzak will cheer us up.
I have a few good leads, though, and hope to have a job soon.
Otherwise, maybe I'll die too.
perdida, we should have sex first.
Well, you can go on ignore too, you whiny bitch.
zikzak, maybe the undeath is for you.
If I were an undead, I would wear bright colors.
Bright, 80's clothing.
Tank tops and balloon pants.
I'll start yelling HO!
a lot.
God damn it.
She's been whining for a whole year.
Probably longer.
You are a depressed person, I thought, zikzak?
You're quite right, RobotSlave.
They should just lighten up.
I was depressed for a while, a few years back.
It was tiresome, so I stopped.
Believe it or not, some people never snap out of it, but mope and whine for the rest of their lives.
That's why I majored in providing computer janatorial services, elenchos.
I don't think ahead 
How true.
I was too stupid to listen, and majored in a liberal arts discipline despite the warnings 
Now you're talking, elenchos!
Isn't it a bit odd that everyone related to Adequacy is unhappy, unemployed, and ultimately unimportant?
Maybe, just maybe, they were right when they called us stupid.
Maybe we really are dumb as posts, and that's why we have no jobs.
There's jsm now!
Kick him!
I don't follow, elenchos.
Which they won't.
So, jsm is doing well.
What does it matter?
jsm isn't handing out checks, so fuck him.
No, I didn't.
No, I'm not.
Also, I'm being railroaded out of this channel.
God damn it, I hate all of you.
Especially those among you that have jobs.
Yes, I'm playing the nepotism card.
I expect to be employed soon, due to it.
I'll give you a ride.
It'll be great!
Would he pick me up too?
Of course I don't get a jet 
I'm the little brother no one likes, but let tag along anyway.
I want to speak with bc.
zuul, seen bc?
Damn it.
cause, he owes me treefity.
Ubu, has he been on the other channel?
Dammit.
He's been avoiding me.
He doesn't want to pay me back.
I lent him some for a mocha.
I tried to out him?
1 I think everyone knows he's gay already.
2 I didn't tell anyone that he's gay.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I saw him threatening me in one diary.
Is that what you mean?
I think you've got the wrong guy.
Ubu, we both know that bc is delusional and paranoid.
Please don't let yourself get caught up in his fantasies.
He's accusing me of war crimes?
That's absurd.
I've never even been to war!
What's me?
Dance for us, cyndrekit.
perdida got offended when I suggested that we have sex before she committed suicide.
I'm glad cyndrekit isn't so uptight.
I wrote a long comment about masturbate to once.
I'm not happy with the phrase, but cannot come up with anything better.
Ubu, much.
Masturbate to cyndrekit.
Masturbate at cyndrekit.
Masturbate about cyndrekit.
I did.
I can't think of anything else that comes anywhere near working.
I don't like about, since I doubt the act of masturbation has any intentional content.
Masturbate while thinking of, doesn't adequately capture the relationship of the masturbation and the thought.
If I wank, I wank for cyndrekit.
Aroused by the thought of cyndrekit, I masturbate.
Very correct, but overly verbose.
Nice, very poetic.
You're a riot, seventypercent.
That could be annoying, if you thought of cyndrekit at an inopportune time.
I think I will try to pin down the relationship between cyndrekit and your masturbation for my master's thesis.
Really, I'm not sure anyone has tried to precisely define the relationship between a mental sex object, such as cyndrekit, and an act of masturbation.
This could be ground breaking work.
hi, em.
Now I will tell him, unless you pay the blackmail money!
And a meeting with a certain drunken Scot.
An IRC meeting.
Please, there are women in the channel.
Excellent.
I'd log it, were I you, since you'll likely be able to use the contents to blackmail us both.
I think I wouldn't mind looking at her naked torso.
If your fudge comes out all runny, you're grossly incompetent and it matters not what you do next.
Well, you would be, yes.
No, the zero your posts because they're smallminded and humorless.
Yes, Gattaca.
And i.
If you've not any i in your genes, I pity you.
i is what seperates use from them, if you know what I mean.
Although, now I wonder if you really are one of us.
You're employed, aren't you, momocrome?
Still, you have a job, so I must hate you.
But it's a job, and I can't get one.
I'm too much of a loser.
elenchos, are you and poltroon an item?
I hate you too, then.
RobotSlave, no, I lied about that 
I am alone.
Actually, momocrome, I have a really great chance to get a job at a place I like a lot.
So I'm not giving up yet.
RobotSlave, I'm sorry 
I didn't want to seem like a loser which I am.
I'm trying to not get too excited, lest I get let down, and post moaning drunken diaries on K5.
I've never posted a moaning girltrouble diary.
Soon, I'm going to be back in Seattle, living near my girlfriend, getting paid a lot, and laughing at all you suckers.
Where do you live?
Roughly.
My girlfriend lives in the lake city area.
I'm not sure where I want to live.
Somewhere cheap.
But without shootings.
I like West Seattle.
Lincoln park, I think, I like a lot.
Make more money and move to beltown, RobotSlave.
I'll probably end up in Ballard or NorthgateLake City
Large women?
Large naked women?
Oh, if it was what I said, I was going to ask to watch.
Sorry, I wandered off.
They just don't like you, RobotSlave.
Also, momocrome, you want Bite me, Dink!
I want to come.
Hold on.
I'm coming too.
I'll be over in just a few.
No, I'm southern oregon.
It'll be a few weeks.
Just be patient.
Thanks!
Well, what did you expect?
They are children.
Is it deux?
slashdot_deux
Well, technically cynaway, seventypercent, tiny_pea, and Ubu_ could take operator power at any moment.
Futily, I might add.
Right.
I can defeat anyone in argument!
I am the smartest reject.
In love, employment, and now in academics.
No, Lane Community College did.
I did.
I got a 78
Hello, tennin.
0338 <harb> qpt Are you suggesting that RobotSlave's attitude was not condescending?
0339 <qpt> Well, harb, it didn't seem condescending to me.
I don't know.
Maybe I just can't spot condescending, or maybe condescending isn't a property of one's attitude at all, but rather is expressed in other's response to an attitude.
tennin, didn't it seem odd that you couldn't think of 10 things you enjoyed doing?
Surely you enjoyed more than 1 or 2 things!
Well, I'll tell you why.
See, you enjoyed doing many things, and much of what is done cannot be said.
They were demanding that you say it, and thus, removing the legitimacy of all that could be done but not said.
Why would they do that, you ask?
Why, because what can be said can be commanded.
The entire exercise was meant simply to remove the legitimacy of all activities that were not guided by commands.
Bye, RobotSlave!
Well, how much encounter?
Was it magical encounter?
How long have you talked to her?
Why haven't you met?
Is the distance prohibited?
prohibitive, I mean.
But you obsess over her.
What do you mean by that?
What does obsessing over her consist of?
Of what?
Female perfection?
Then what?
Are you attracted to her merely platonically, or on a mora sexual/romantic level?
Have you seen this girl?
Well, if you don't think she's as interested in you as you are in her, you're probably not doing yourself a favor by cultivating an attraction for her.
How old are you two, if you don't mind my asking?
Does she know how you feel?
Would you do that?
You might tentatively stalk her?
tennin, women do not react well to being stalked.
They think it's frightening, very much so.
Well, that's not exactly stalking.
I guess I was thinking more along the lines of creeping around her house, leaving notes on her car, that sort of thing.
Still, wouldn't it be better to just tell her how you feel?
Well, I'm interested in all sorts of things, I'm a fucking genius.
Are you going to fall for me?
Really now, there must be something more.
You like her as more than just someone to chat with.
raoul, that's a cynical outlook!
I dunno, it might be correct, too.
raoul is right.
Internet girls tend to be ugly.
She probably isn't very sought after.
Well, I could be wrong about her, yes.
I havne't seen her.
Isn't there anyone a little closer?
A lot of what I find appealing in my girlfriend are the little things, certain facial expressions, voice intonations, that sort of thing.
Things that don't carry too well over the Internet.
I'm sure you're right, but there is not substitute for extended facetoface contact.
For example, you've apparently been able to hide your feelings about her.
Details aren't important.
How often do you talk?
With her, that is.
Why do you think she likes you less than you like her?
Well, don't over analyze, just accept that she did.
I think you should tell her how you feel.
tennin, have you ever had a romantic relationship?
Right, but with an actual human being, in the flesh?
Well, that's perfectly normal.
As people get to know each other, a lot of that selfconsciousness is dispelled.
For example, when I first met my girlfriend, it was a good thirty minutes before we were comfortably chatting away.
No, that would be pathetic.
You're rationalizing!
You know you need to work past this.
Don't look for excuses.
Well, don't worry about her.
Take small steps, and step number one is to tell your online crush how you feel about her.
What do you mean she sort of knows?
You overanalyze.
That much is clear.
Stop thinking and do something.
I bet you are, but that's exactly the sort of mental jerkoff that got you in this mess.
Well, that's unbelievably backwards.
But if it helps, whatever.
Your novel needs you, tennin, talk to a girl.
I know it's not the way you like doing things, but I'm accusing you of doing things the stupid way.
No, a world view is something you develop from the experiences you have.
And consequently, you can't talk to girls?
Excuse me?
Oh, you have acne?
And who doesn't.
However, you must work with what you're given, and I'm sure it's adequate.
No, and if they would convince me to give up women, I don't think I want to.
But what do you know about failed relationships?
You can't analytically conceive human beings!
Your characters won't seem real to those of us who actually know people.
Well, it's my bed time.
I must bid you good night.
Hawaii's Kilauea volcano pours out candy would've been a better headline, even if not strictly accurate.
Hawaii's Kilauea volcano pours out hot butter on pb
What seems to be the problem?
Finally!
I could've told you how to do it, had you not been so proud and stubborn.
It's understandable.
Yeah, and you're nothing if not a man's man.
RobotSlave, why can't they admit that they're wrong?
I showed them a statement from Truman on the second day of the war, expressing agreement with a U.
security council resolution to secure a border at the 38th parallel.
What more do they need!
Night!
That men evolved from monkeys?
No, it's the most absurd thing I've ever heard.
Hold them in your hand like so.
Like the topic says, bc was the heart and soul of this channel.
And I drove him away 
I imagine you got plastered.
What I do is a secret.
Strange.
Did you run out of money?
Do you work tomorrow?
Just gonna stand out there and see if you get picked up?
I got a job, RobotSlave!
In Seattle.
It's a secret.
I'm a systems analyst, thoughl
though.
Oh, OK.
I start on the 2nd.
I need to find an apartment, now, which should be much easier than finding a job.
eh, no matter.
I'm now making incredibly huge piles of cash.
I wish.
Pays OK.
Landlords are stupid pricks.
RobotSlave, while I'm looking for a place, I'm going to stay with my ex.
Is that stupid?
So far, the nearunanimous opinion has been yes, but I know you often have a unique perspective.
That is unique.
Inconvenient?
I don't either.
RobotSlave, you're forgetting who you're talking to.
I've determined never to fuck anything.
I don't see why I'd start now.
That would be bizarre.
I'm still thinking capitol hill or ballard.
I don't really see the appeal.
I'm not sure.
Ballard seems good, yes.
Capitol hill does have a lot of weirdos, but it's also closer to more things.
I haven't a car.
No, I work in Seattle proper.
I wasn't planning on getting a car.
Do you have a car?
Since you don't need it, why don't you give it to me?
I'll sell it and buy booze.
I have trouble believing that.
I'm sure people buy you booze, but you want it so often!
Lest you find yourself living out of a shopping cart digging through garbage cans for hairspray bottles?
I don't see how you'd be a billionaire.
Well, people measure success in different ways.
I had an interesting conversation on here about success yesterday.
I could never do that.
They never cake out looking like turkeys.
I'm at a loss to explain that.
I wanted come.
Why did you want to scream?
He was happy.
That sounds like success.
So you don't actually have a rear view mirror on your wrist?
I haven't worn a watch for years.
That's how I feel, RobotSlave.
They can wait for me.
Nobody tells me what to do or when to do it.
Night!
Clearly, you're quite mad.
Maybe you should take a break from linguistics.
Your studies have driven you to fever.
How do you mean?
What theory is that?
bc, hello.
We've certainly been talking a lot lately, bc.
You and I.
You're kidding.
three hours last night.
four a few nights back.
Just admit it.
The game's up.
You're playing with my head!
medham has been following em around on K5, accusing him of all sorts of impropriety.
bc, have you perchance spoken to medham?
On Slashnet.
I'm curious.
50,000 of the best minds on the planet and em.
No, the people who are good at maths go elsewhere.
The Stanford lot is OK.
em thinks it's good.
Oh come on.
They're freshmen.
They'll grow out of it.
But they aren't alumni yet!
So, does that mean that school spirit is reprehensible or that genocide is excusable?
Either way, you're a bit weird.
Haha, so you're jealous.
You never had the opportunity for school spirit, because your school didn't deserve it
Yeah, it's bloody awful to have to be ashamed of one's school.
So much that you can hardly stand to be on campus!
I've been learning Esperanto.
It really is easy, em.
You were quite wrong.
I'm much too shy at this point.
Maybe in a week.
Well, that was an exaggeration, yes.
However, I'm making good progress.
I can speak with people all over the world!
I doubt it.
I don't have to tell them that I still speak to nonesperantists.
Anyway, I don't think they'll really care.
Between English and Esperanto, I'll be able to talk to pretty much everyone.
bc, I imagine this new crop of designed languages must have em worried.
As a linguist, his entire discipline is being relegated to the dusty halls of academia.
Since the languages of the future will be simple, extensible, and designed, linguistics as he practices it will have no real relevance.
And why is that worthy of a flaming?
Well, classifying Asians doesn't really matter much?
Who cares what the brownskins are called.
That was fiction, em.
Most likely.
You can't be bothered to actually check.
No, it's more fun to imagine the worst!
Heck, every living thing on this planet derives from the same stock.
Is that cause for panic?
Okra is disgusting, though.
I would consider being forced to eat okra a terrorist attack.
Well, I'd hate to eat their secular food.
Of course the sacred food of the Roman Catholics is also pretty gross.
Quite right.
Todays wheat is half jellyfish.
If that isn't robust, then tell me what is.
This site is funnier than it should be.
Surely drunk people throw up in the UK.
640 is my favorite.
She looks like she's saying, What happened!
I should look her up.
I got a job, bc!
I'm going to be a systems analyst.
I'm not entirely clear on that myself.
I imagine I will too.
It pays decent, and is back in Seattle.
Well, 608 drives me mad with lust, for sure.
em, do you have a special lady in your life?
You shouldn't jump to conclusions.
It's unscientific.
I was just curious.
What do you mean by sort of, though?
She's special to you, but you're not special to her?
Hello.
It's bc.
Half the damn accounts on K5 are bc.
You're medham.
bc is one creepily obsessed weirdo
I am not lying right now.
I don't accuse you of being a bitch.
Never once.
me0w is bc.
Could be.
Or maybe I'm the sanest one of all.
So you're the crazy one, fighting with yourself like this.
It's not symmetric.
I don't even really exist.
bc is the real one.
No, because your true account is older than any other.
The name of your true account was carved into the foundations of the earth when it was first crafted.
It seems obvious, bc.
You're fabricating stories which are contradicted by facts.
Isn't that what you usually do?
Between all your accounts, you post several hundred comments a day.
Several hundred every day.
That's a question for the psychologists.
You grant me with whatever motive I need.
What else is a wealthy Scottish layabout to do?
Especially one with antisocial procilivities and a fear of women.
Keep in mind that I am bc, RobotSlave.
I don't really like marmite.
I don't know why I'm trying to convince me0w that I do.
If we had the upperbody strength to life a switch, bc, we'd teach her a lesson!
The 't' and 'e' keys are awfully close to each other.
Or an errant woman.
But satisfying.
Or to a robot slave.
And iron maidens.
The rack, too.
And you're right there in the thick of it, I'm sure, bc.
Yes you do.
bc has quite the unhealthy fantasy life.
It comes out when he's been drinking.
Bottoms irritate me, as do tops.
That irritates me all the more.
Also irritating.
Yes, they irritate me.
Yes, RobotSlave, a fact that irritates me.
The fact that there is such a thing as sex irritates me most of all.
RobotSlave, he really enjoyed the network.
I'll leave it to you to guess why.
Damn it.
bc, do you what annoys me?
People who answer a question, Depends on the meaning of some term.
It's just so bloody obvious that the answer to a question depends on the meaning of its terms.
It doesn't bear mentioning.
Oh good god.
You shan't.
I won't go back on there.
I am singularly cursed to be a personality of this pervert.
I am forced to see and experience everything he does, although I manage to hide a great deal from him.
Interesting how that workd.
You enjoy no such thing, bc.
You enjoy living out your S&M fantasies.
Admit it.
Until you get drunk, bc, then everyone who's listening gets to hear far too much about your fantasies.
me0w, gor is incredibly simple.
Some people are sick and want to hurt and control people, thus they fantasize about being able to.
The subject does not bear overanalysis.
They're just mad.
Plain old raving lunatic mad.
me0w, they are always quite mad.
And calling it play does a disservice to innocent children everwhere.
I wouldn't either, RobotSlave, but I'd demand that they be committed.
What about your gay scottish playboy lifestyle?
No policeman's helments there, sir.
It was a joke to us, no doubt.
Of course not, bc.
It would be so absurd, entirely unlike you.
Have you ever been inside, bc?
Yeah, right.
RobotSlave, you should go.
I refuse to talk to mine.
I don't speak to the underclass.
RobotSlave, well, he's gay.
And you're mostly gay.
And bc and me0w are into BDSM.
This channel is sick.
Oh shut up.
I've not tortured anyone.
Just some gentle teasing.
All of it nonsexual.
It's sex that I object to.
Nonsense.
I said that for your benefit.
I was just messing with you.
Pretending to be a kindred spirit to tease you.
I didn't want to humiliate her.
I just wanted to tweak her, and you.
I've never liked SmittyWhoopass.
No he doesn't.
He uses the term home slice.
I don't like people who wear track suits.
It's bc.
That sounds unreadable.
Oh, I can understand it fine, but it's filthy.
No, it's just filthy.
Sounds like just your think, me0w.
I can't type a whole sentence without making a typ anymore.
Pervert.
adequacy is a familyfriendly channel.
It's OK.
Nothing is funny right now, though.
It doesn't bear mentioning.
Damn it.
I'm teasing no one.
Miss America is stupid.
I hate it.
I hate everything.
First_Incision, how old were you?
Pervert.
By the time one's out of one's teens, one should've lost all interested in women's buttocks.
It's childish.
You are immature.
It only make sense that we'd notice.
hello bc
I made myself a new K5 account.
I daren't say in public.
No, of course not.
I'm under cover.
To entertain myself?
No, nothing like that.
You made many accounts.
Twenty some.
No, I remember rusty anonymizing a whole mess of your K5 accounts.
I'll ask rusty.
So what's your new account?
You can tell me.
If you tell me yours, I'll tell you mine.
I would not.
And turn that frown upside down!
I'm not a person.
I am mechanized wrath.
I have no free will or selfconsciousness.
I can store and process the information, though.
I could defend your new account from aggressive 0ers.
This line of questioning is pointless.
This unit is unable to explain the rationale behind its programming.
I didn't say anyone created me.
I was using programming in a generic sense.
I didn't say my programming has a rationale.
I merely said I cannot explain why I am programmed to do anything.
Just tell me what the damn account is!
It's no risk.
Also, note that MessiahWWKD is insane.
Paranoia is unbecoming.
re perdida, cyndrekit, spiralx, bc =
diplomacy?
Isn't that video game?
hello.
I'm in pain.
I was reading K5.
It's gotten so full of stupid it hurts.
It was so promising at one point.
robot dualism
I should've read the whole question 
robot pudding
robot microscope
robot salt water
robot level
robot E.
robot marsupial
FUCK YOU
robot taxadermy
robot asia
robot pleasure
robot radiation
robot Manganada
robot passengers
robot The Louisville Lip
Your robot is broken.
He shouldn't accept answers for a question before it's asked.
That doesn't make any sense.
robot peso
Your robot gets pissy and quits whenever someone misses a question.
Did you write it?
Tearing up political posteres is pretty childish.
That does seem to be a bit young to be a republican.
Everyone should be a radical of some sort at that age.
Anyway, they're kids!
Of course they're childish.
What sort of Republican wants to criminalize homosexuality?
Most of the Republicans I know are merely wealthy and wish to stay that way.
They care little beyond that.
Well, I wish them luck.
Well, buy it.
Hello.
Go on, spoil the sonsyness.
Do it!
I want her sonsyness to be spoiled for me.
Don't be so selfish, bc.
I don't know what sonsyness is either.
So what?
Let's see!
You needn't click.
He's weak.
Weak weak weak.
For fuck's sake.
Nobody told me we were talking about pornography.
Cut that shit out.
Who's Anna Freil, anyway?
One that bc used to admire?
I doubt it.
She probably begged for it.
She would, and she did.
Given any act, I can tell you if it's sin or not.
Just getting them in mind?
Since you're asking, I assume he thinks violent or sexual thoughts about them?
Well, given that I already said that merely thinking about them was not sinful, I couldn't imagine what other specific modes of thinking you might render the activity sinfull.
I meant no insult.
you might think rendered
bc, no.
However, entertaining thoughts of any sort to the neglect of one's duties is sinfull.
That's fine, just as long as you are able to uphold your responsibilities.
Don't all roses have thorny stalks?
Why is that significant to you?
Why is it important to send thorny roses?
I don't think they do.
Generally speaking.
Liking to bleed is a sin, by the way.
More specifically, cultivating an enjoyment of bleeding is a sin.
Suppose merely that one would enjoy it if one were to bleed; that alone is not sin.
On the other hand, asserting a positive attitude toward bleeding is a sin.
As you can see, sin is tricky stuff.
Don't confuse the above with a sincere belief that bleeding will contribute to some other desirable state of affairs.
Appreciation of nuance is important if one is to root out sin.
Why do you have such a weapon?
bc, true.
But it's not the bleeding as such that's enjoyed, but the cure.
Did you ever take my advice, momocrome?
He was having trouble with his girl, bc.
She was being uppity.
I advised momocrome to engage in anal intercourse with her, then donkey punch her at climax.
In his case, no.
Since he is underassertive.
You, however, should do no such thing.
Sorry.
You want it too much.
momocrome, me0w enjoys that sort of thing >
I'm not convinced, bc.
Is it worth risking hell fire for?
Not so!
You're a person, with your own weaknesses.
Everyone has weaknesses.
I merely remind you of the value that you place on assuring that those accusations remain untrue.
The public's perception?
It doesn't matter if you are good?
If that's your stance, you might as well go rut around with me0w.
You're damned anyway.
Hello, folks.
It is not.
I've been using county for weeks.
I wish I could change my actual name this frequently.
I had a surly greek guy make me some food.
It was delicious!
Well, the surly greek guy in Pike place can make you some good food.
No, the gyro guy.
Only I think he spells is yeero.
Or some such nonsense.
They're also pretty good, but a gyro really hit the spot.
I love my new place.
It was only a ten minute walk away.
Why do you subscribe to porn channels then, bc?
RobotSlave, I don't know about crackerbox, but it's new.
You're kidding me.
They can't show female masturbation on normal tv.
That is disgusting, I agree.
They can't show the naughty bits, though.
At least I hope not.
Think of the children!
Well, how do you show buggering without showing an erect penis?
What about an erect clitoris?
You're making that up.
What does she do?
Feel them?
Smell them?
I'd think all penises would feel much the same.
I think the raciest thing I've seen on tv was a woman in underwear.
I have cable.
That's terrible, bc.
Sexual material should be difficult for horny adolescent boys to get their hands on.
Oh, that's right.
I wonder if MessiahWWKD is having any luck.
Not yet.
He's trying to seduce Jin Wicked.
Well, to send an IM.
Apparently, bc.
He was carrying on about her in #k5 so I gave him some tips.
He's in love with her breasts.
And how!
Well, let's see, who here has had sex with Jin Wicked?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
So shut up about whether she has breasts or not.
At one point, yes.
You're lying.
Anyway, I rather suspect you're gay.
Where?
It sounds like you were taken for a ride, bc.
I also wish to ICQ her.
She doesn't seem to be on, though.
You have the urge because I do?
The Jin Wicked stainless steel travel mug is tempting.
I'm going to get myself a mug!
One of you thinks he made a mistake?
Never mind.
I can't imagine ever hiring a prostitute.
I'm sure my reasons are altogether different, but ok!
RobotSlave, have you used a prostitute?
All women do, pretty much.
The question is simply how much of a bit is acceptable.
I doubt it, RobotSlave.
If she had one and didn't want it, there are any number of ways to have it removed.
I certainly didn't notice any substantial facial hair.
bc, I can't really remember everything I talked about last night and I'm scared to look at my logs.
Tell me I didn't say anything too terrible.
I do remember carrying on endlessly about someone's ass.
Were you around, RobotSlave?
Who is KUKMHRRYSJYX?
I hope I didn't have netsex with bc 
I'm really never going to drink again.
Oh shut up.
I checked and it was just drunken babbling.
I think she looks friendly.
You like men.
Just admit it, for fuck's sake.
Hopefully.
The world is a wasteland.
There aren't any people, male or female, worth knowing.
Nah, Seattle is no more vapid than anywhere else.
Well, she could be a virgin still.
Ask her.
A little young, don't you think?
You have a brother?
shoeboy, I strongly dislike people who try too hard to be weird.
Virgins are without doubt the best.
I could never be interested in a nonvirgin.
Really, to the extent that I couldn't even deflower someone and remain interested in them.
I hope to marry a virgin and then never have sex with her.
We'll talk about this ahead of time, of course.
Well, then why don't you?
Well, MessiahWWKD, you can start with Jin.
Jin is ignoring me, for some reason.
I think she's suspicious.
You're nothing if not a silly dumb boy who sucks toes.
420 is the number of people one must sleep with to become a Superslut.
No, that's just a slut.
Open relationships are the most absurd thing ever invented.
bc, a few days ago, I was walking downtown and passed a rather attractive girl whose breath smelled of cigarette smoke.
It was actually very appealing, even though I don't smoke.
I can hit a moving mansized target from 300 yards with a good pistol.
Maybe.
Why don't you like shooting at manshaped targets?
Or longsuffering.
bc, is that real?
Is she asking for help getting on Springer?
I could help her do that.
I don't see why I should, but I could.
She's nasty looking.
Also, I hate her.
Really, women are unbearable.
Stupid, stupid women.
I'm going to kick the next woman I see.
I'm not going to buttfuck boys, pervert.
You have policies?
I decide what I want to do and then I just do it.
Jin's name is Christina.
It's Jennifer, actually.
I just can't seem to tell the truth!
bc, that's a dangling phone cord, out of focus.
Was she cute?
See, bc, there aren't any good women.
They are all stupid, ugly, or unbearable.
Walking around town today, I was struck by the fact that as much as I like Seattle, it would be much, much better if the black folks were moved out of it.
Yes, but not as bad.
There are these thuggish looking black men all over the place, looking for trouble.
I'd have sex with you, perdida, if I had nothing else to do at the moment.
RobotSlave, it's three blocks away.
If I know what park you're talking about, and I think I do.
On 3rd?
Could I really buy crack there?
I stay away from it.
There were gunshots last night.
Sounded like from over there.
Hopefully there's one less crackfiend on the streets now.
I'm getting hungry.
Maybe I'll invite myself over to RobotSlave's house for the pizza he'll be ordering.
You better have some pizza or something when I get there.
By the way, where do you live?
Out of my reach?
What's that supposed to mean?
RobotSlave lives in West Seattle, yes.
I'll take a bus over there.
And wander around looking for a little gaylooking azn.
I actually rather like West Seattle.
Not to live in, but to visit, on sunny weekend afternoons.
There are several large parks that I like.
It's nice to get away from that for a bit.
Is shoeboy still in Fremont?
Well, I'm hungry.
If you're not going to give me pizza, what am I supposed to do?
What wasn't?
What is it?
Kitten the Sex Goddess would be a good Slashdot nickname.
I don't know.
I imagine there is a centipede infested vagina fetish.
She is.
Hey, I didn't invent it, I just reported it.
As a journalist, you should understand.
RobotSlave, that picture screams, I was born with cock.
Organizing an orgy seems wrong.
Orgies should just happen.
She's fat!
Yes, too fat!
She's fucking huge.
If that's not too fat, what is?
She's big enough a whole family of only moderately fat people.
Any for HIV?
And how!
MessiahWWKD, do you have a sexdate yet?
I think Rock the Casbah must be one of the very best songs ever.
Or maybe she does.
Some women enjoy having that silly goo put on their face.
What's it called again?
Exfoliant, or something.
I didn't know Appleton was a real place.
That's scary.
Oddly enough, most women don't enjoy that.
I can't understand it, myself.
to take care of us?
No thanks.
One at a time, MessiahWWKD.
Slow down!
I hate any girl who would talk about sex with a stranger.
I HATE HER
KILL KILL KILL
Even worse.
I hate dominatrixes.
dominatrices?
If she tried to come after me I'd cut her.
I'm always cutting people who look at me wrong.
I'd cut Divine.
Note the URL.
Yeah, someone has to support the kid.
That's just rude.
I hate bisexual girls.
I hate bisexuality, really.
The KTB picture is actually someone attractive.
She looks fiery!
Peter Johnson is just too good of a name.
What was fun?
He probably got netsexed.
She has a boyfriend still?
Sorry!
I don't know?
Exactly.
How could a girl like that be single!
hubba hubba!
Hello, cyndrekit!
hey cp
I wonder if all this means something.
What on earth is that site?
it's just weird 
Why is there so much weirdness on the Internet?
You should've.
Drink driving is annoying!
Is it easy to get a bland office job?
I had trouble getting my current bland office job.
I'm the assistant manager of a mailroom.
Gruntwork like what?
Even though I'm supposedly the assistant manager, the mailroom clerks always boss me around.
I don't like it 
You can't manage.
You're a woman!
You're great at being bossy, probably.
There's a difference.
Well, knock yourself out.
Try to be a manager!
Hello, zikzak.
Almost.
He's probably been drinking.
Exactly, zikzak.
I try to explain to those clerks why it's important for them to finish the labeling today, but they just don't care.
By the way, I'm an assitant manager of a mailroom.
But they don't like me, luisa|, and they're mean to me.
I have to confess that I don't actually work in a mailroom at all.
I have worked in a mailroom, years ago, and it was kind of fun.
For a few minutes.
Then the numbing tedium set in.
Let me try that again.
luisa| said you were a big dumb ape, zikzak, but the rest of us maintain that you're not very big at all.
That's all?
I could wipe the floor with you.
It's really hard to overcome superior reach, as I'm sure you know.
Well, stay away from Richard Gere, then!
HO HO.
If I were an animal, I would be a crocodile.
To sit on.
Nothing like having a cute girl on one's lap!
Sure it is.
It can't be more than an inch away.
Well, I am far from being a nice boy.
I have nice hair, though.
Try malevolent.
Soothing, relaxing, but with a bitch of a finish.
Hey, folks.
Hello, bc.
I'll keep that in mind.
Well, there's a gathering of homeless people across the street.
Hand outs, I'm sure.
Every evening they gather outside this ratty building across the street and one block down.
I think so.
I'm not about to go find out, though!
Yes, but I'd probably also get unspeakable diseases.
Homeless people are full of 'em!
AIDS isn't unspeakable.
Observe AIDS
Go on, try to argue with that.
I dare you.
I can't name them, silly.
I can only refer to them with vague horror and trepidation.
I'm sure it doesn't matter.
Hey, folks.
Scholarship does not bother me.
Does your conscience bother you?
Tell the truth.
You guessed incorrectly, young one.
That was fast, bc.
Even for you.
I'm the most elite there is and I use Org Vobis.
What if one format earned you extra cash, bc?
What if another format gnawed your bones?
See, it's not just about sound.
Or maybe not.
Try to get around that.
Or maybe not.
See, you're not getting anywhere.
Ok, you win.
Thank goodness that's over.
Here's a trophy.
ITS ACTUALLY A COCK!
11surprise
I don't even know your name.
Is it a Chester?
scratch the 'a'
What kind of fucking stupid name is that.
Are you trying to make damn sure you miss heaven entirely?
Uh huh.
I wouldn't not be one bit surprised to learn you've actually never gotten 7any.
I feel rather strongly about virginity.
Lord you get me off so much.
You pick me up when I'm feeling blue.
Now how about you?
zikzak, right.
I could only ever love a virgin, so there would be no first time.
Doubtlessly, bc.
Why can't I enjoy a nonsexual relationship with a sweet, innocent girl?
It sounds ideal!
bc, I would kill, kill, kill.
I would just enjoy nonsexual relationships with sweet, notsoinnocent lesbians, I guess.
I could only really love a virgin, but I could enjoy the Platonic company of a nonvirgin.
So I'd be OK regardless.
I would teach them to clone.
My line stops here.
It would help if you were an attractive female, zikzak.
Work on that.
Do you prefer your penis or ten gajillion dollars?
So, Jin, but rich, MessiahWWKD?
I'm going to have to try to get in the topic too, now.
Yeah, I thrive on dubious honors and halfhearted insults.
Does Jin come on Slashnet?
I don't know.
I haven't seen her.
I've never fired a gun at any sort of monster at all.
I hope I get to before I die.
I could relay it to her now, but that seems kind of boringly obvious.
I want to kill zombies.
Shoot the zombie park rangers!
The what sniper?
As in Washinton DC?
Oh, direct current.
That makes no sense.
You can't snipe with batteries.
You can fucking not, pigfucker.
I think zikzak is actually thinking of cock.
DC never gave me an icky feeling.
Robocock?
Yeah, what else would you shock your tongue with?
Plastic?
I'm on the highway to 4hell.
No, it tasted like water.
Damn liar.
I remember them better than you.
It's just a song, bc.
I'm virtuous.
You wish, but I'm not.
Something in message?
Like what?
You do that.
bc, make more sense right now.
Who's Katie, by the way?
MessiahWWKD's Katie.
Messiah What Would Katie Do.
Sherlock?
He's a boy.
And he's Watson's >
zikzak, have you read Sherlock Holmes?
Never?
Damn you.
Watson ejaculates constantly in those stories.
I'm serious.
Watsons ejaculates several times per page.
Watson
For example  But Holmes, Watson ejaculated, how did you know he was an investment banker?
Right in the middle of the god damn sentence.
I think they should use more AC/DC.
You shook me all night long.
I told her to come but she was already there.
You don't get much, bub.
Bob Marley, easily.
And Dylan's song about the murderous nigger is good.
Plunk plunk plunkaplunka plunk plunk.
ima folk guitarist
Dylan is dead, though.
That's not really fair.
No, Pink Floyd.
Because it looked coo'?
There's this girl on my bus who's absolutely gorgeous unless she makes a facial expression.
If she smiles, talks, frowns, anything, it's ruined.
I've still never seen the Breakfast Club.
Not so, bc.
There are seven palatable plots.
Then there is plot #8.
No work has ever used it.
If any did, I just don't know.
Nobody knows.
Nobody wants to find out, and probably for good reason.
There are plenty of films with no plot at all.
I think I'd like to rent a movie.
Any suggestions?
Who is this bird?
I go by 'Timmy'.
It's cute.
I'm cute.
Maybe so, but I'm cuter than you.
I don't have a dog, no.
I have cute, though.
Damn am I cute.
But I don't like dogs.
I don't think I've ever even seen a well.
I'm not that worried about it.
ooh, somebody's got your number, em.
He seems agreeable and taciturn tonight.
I'm low on cash too, and I don't get paid for another couple weeks.
inproduction, yes.
bc ponders spreading rumors on IMDB about films in production would have been better.
You've received the official stamp of correctness.
He seems to drink a lot.
I speak Kiriol fluently.
I don't read or write it, though.
Sorry.
No, bc.
Linguists are without morality.
No, you just made that up.
Cultural genocide is one of those nonsense phrases that liberalists use to criticize those who disagree with them.
I'll pay someone $20 for the sole rights to all of Adequacy's stories and comments.
I'll charge K5ers to refrain from reposting it all to K5.
I can't lose.
aqbot, unfreeze yourself
You're nonexempt, though, right?
The longer you work the more you are paid?
Exempt as in exempt from being paid proportionate to one's work.
This channel is packed with grad students.
So much bright young potential!
Sucker.
I thought about applying to grad school at one point.
However, someone then kindly pointed out that I'm not nearly smart enough.
If you have any, nathan, MessiahWWKD would part with a pretty penny to see them.
That's savage.
She's not that bad looking of a gir.
Certainly not buttugly.
Maybe I'm just surrounded by really awful girls, though.
Really?
You're studying music, right?
I would've thought you'd have more familiarity with theater.
Even live theater.
qpt's infatuation with her, which pretty much started it all, was a performance, I'm sure of it.
A study of the absurdity of infatuation in an impersonal environment, or some such pretentious nonsense.
Well, I can see how coming in late it would make no sense.
MessiahWWKD, I believe, just likes her breasts.
It's a play off her real name, MessiahWWKD.
Jennifer.
So clever!
Really, though, obsessing over positively mundane women is one of the things that makes life worthwhile.
I've been looking for such a woman for a few days now.
Life just gets dull without that lust and craving.
My coworker's sister came in today.
She's so unbelievably hot, it hurt to look.
It actually didn't hurt at all in any way.
I'd just heard the expression uses in such a way before and thought I'd try it out.
I wasn't particularly impressed with the results.
I'm going to seduce this girl, by golly!
I can't just rattle off a list of scientifically verifiable properties that one must have to be hotl
Well, ok.
She's quite tall, and willowy.
She has perfect skin, high cheekbones, and a somewhat piercing look.
At the same time, a smile is always playing slightly over her face.
I don't know how old she is.
She could be anywhere from 18 to 26 or so.
Goodness no.
I'm terrible at this sort of thing.
I've already given up, actually.
It was hopeless.
I'm a systems analyst, nathan.
Yeah, but he's fantastically wealthy and his wife is still ugly.
Really, though, a quick defeat is a blessing.
Often moreso than a protracted victory.
I'm going to write a book called Winning by Losing.
I'll give you the basic strategy if you don't try to beat me to publishing.
OK, I'm sure you've played poker, no?
Doesn't matter.
Imagine that each hand was played with a new group of people.
Clearly a new strategy presents itself.
It is now possible to quit immediately unless you have a killer hand.
Of course, but generally you'll just be out your ante and moving on to the next group.
The same strategy applies to other situations where you're routinely presented with new groups of players.
I've now entirely lost track of any connection that this has with me pursuing that girl.
I think she might be a student at the school where I work.
It's not a Junior High School, before you ask.
Yes indeed.
It hasn't been half bad, so far.
Really laid back.
Overqualified?
How do you mean?
My actual qualifications are few.
Pretending to have a PhD or Nobel Prize on K5 doesn't count for much out there.
You're mistaking me with someone else.
Medham, maybe?
Descriptive linguistics is a waste of time.
Language works fine with nobody knowing how it works.
Creating languages, though, that has promise!
How much time every day do people spend using a language?
Hours, surely.
Imagine an artificial language that was merely 15% more efficient.
We're talking about billions of manhours saved every years, buddy.
I don't think em wants to hear that all his work has been in vain.
He knows that he's no match for me when he's drunk.
Practice what?
Hey, folks.
Or maybe because it just isn't true and babyface doesn't write most of the popular r&b stuff.
At least it would've been fictional had it not actually happened.
I don't think I've ever found a girl humorous.
Funny looking, sure, but not funny.
Female comics aren't funny, though.
Now that I think about it, though, I have known girls who were consistently funny, if not frequently.
In fact, one person I'm thinking of never failed to be funny when trying, but hardly ever tried.
She's MessiahWWKD's ex.
In a manner of speaking.
All this without ever even knowing he existed!
She sounds like a real powerhouse.
Now he'll tell you that asking the age of a language is meaningless.
hehe, I told you.
Arabic was invented by Abdul Jazreel in 867 CE.
You thought wrong, then.
He published the specification to the language in RFC 82219, titled The Arabic Language.
Jazreel was heavily influenced by Chompsky's work.
I wonder what is spoken in Heaven.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's English.
I'm sure you know nothing about heaven, luisa|, and never will.
First_Incision, no, of course I didn't.
I can say most anything.
However, I prefer not lie.
It seems you have no such compunctions.
Why don't you undress, describing it in graphic detail, while I masturbate, OK?
I don't care, I'm sure.
Who is Anya?
Linguistics isn't for people imaginations.
Draw your own conclusions.
Assume she had a webcam, then.
Would you not be imagining more than was being shown?
I think it's inevitable.
Spoken like someone who hasn't mastered telekinesis, em.
I think bc is well on his way, and I've nearly mastered it.
You'd like to think everyone shared your plight.
I just don't care what happenes elsewhere.
Maybe that's a character flaw.
I only have one dream.
I think it is.
I am being nightly reminded of something.
When the time comes, I must not hesitate, my action must be born of second nature, not thought.
For years, I have been molded, honed, for that single moment.
bc, I'm afriad to tell anyone.
I fear you might, bc.
Yes, that's exactly what it is.
Let's talk about something else now.
I found a fantastic girl to pine over.
I don't know.
Well, a coworker's sister.
I planned to spend today day dreaming about her rather than working, but deadlines loomed and all.
Did you talk to the cute girl instead?
This girl isn't cute.
She's tall, willowy, and utterly gorgeous.
I feel my chances are excellent.
Not a chance!
They want to see the score?
Tell me when the story has a good number of 1's so I can give it one without it being obvious which account is mine.
I'm having vaginal intercourse right now.
I think K5 is fantastic.
Is any of it pornographic?
So, no?
eh, that's about as erotic as luisa||.
em hits the booze.
Surprise!
So you won't starve?
I should be making dinner, but I'm too hungry.
I'm so hungry.
zikzak, I have something to make.
I should just get up and make it!
I'm going to get out of this chair.
In just a minute here.
Hello.
I'm unhappy.
Do you?
That's your solution to everything.
For a while.
But I'll just wake up with a hangover tomorrow.
Actually, counterintuitively, hangovers are also quite good at dispelling unhappiness.
You're right.
That was foolish of me 
I don't think that eating is futile just because I'll have to do it again.
Why wait?
I could try to get some free alcohol out of RobotSlave.
Pizza didn't work out so well, but I odn't give up easily.
I'm not working today, but I need to get some things done.
So I'm going to shower and go do them.
That's what I want to know.
I don't think I've been there.
Is it good?
I don't eat pizza much, but I recall liking this place called Olympia Pizza, I think.
On Queen Anne.
I had a sausage, feta cheese, and artichoke heart pizza.
It was tasty.
I'm going to get enormously fat.
I'm going to get a beer belly.
That's my plan.
I don't drink all that much beer, though, so I'm going to get it from drinking liquor.
Women 
A couple beers makes me not hungry, though.
Damnit.
I want some coke, but I don't want to go out.
momocrome.
I'm venturing out to find some coke.
I'll be back.
Oh no.
whew, that was hard work.
Damn who?
Why would you try to do such a thing?
No, I don't.
I don't pay attention to that sort of thing, though.
After putting that thingy together, I need some refreshment.
Let me see what I have.
Who's TLA?
Not ringing any bells.
Ah, that you're using again?
I should break out one of my old accounts.
I never had an account named that.
This is really quite good.
No, it's a porter.
I'm not trusted, so I don't get to see 
I'm in #slashdot but I can't remember joining, even though it was a mere thirteen minutes ago.
Always making promises, bc, but you never deliver.
I deserve more respect than that.
What on earth are you talking about?
OK, he's gone.
Let's start gossiping about him.
Well, yeah.
Don't you think so, bc?
It seems so obvious to me.
All the signs, you know.
The little ones.
Right.
Too fussy to be straight.
Cor blimey!
I've never seen him.
I can't think of any reason to see him if he's not going to buy me pizza.
This is actually quite good.
What's the URL to the trolltalk sid?
Most of it isn't even english.
I should post to trolltalk describing, in graphic detail, what I'd like to do to perdida.
Specifically, I'd like to tell her to shut the hell up and stop whining.
As well it should be.
That girl whines so much.
Speaking of green, I haven't seen greenrd for a while.
I don't really read much K5 anymore.
k5 is fantastic fun, though.
I have mixed feelings about women.
I think they's scum, but I want one so much 
I'm selfdestructive, really.
Well, #k5 is entirely idle right now.
You'd be safe.
No, that's not what I want.
I want a woman I can trust, who I can enjoy, who I can have long interesting conversations with.
But I want to be able to 
I don't tell everyone lies!
Second, surely.
I want to be in love again, bc.
And not that silly onesided love that MessiahWWKD seems to enjoy.
Because, bc, I also want nothing to do with women.
You're right, though, about alcohol helping.
I feel heaps better already.
Because you want.
I know exactly what I want, but have trouble putting it in to words.
No, sick man.
I want the sort of girl that makes every activity more fun and fullfilling.
RobotSlave, I'm warning you.
Not liking girls is no excuse to mock those of us who do.
I don't want to.
I want you to behave like a decent human being all on your own.
And that says something about you, I'm sure.
Sorry, but I don't respond to pleas to behave decently.
Petulant demands?
I'm just imploring that you behave decently.
Nothing petulant about it.
I'm not a pedophile, though.
You're just being stubborn and perverse.
Typical homosexual, really.
Good for him.
Being in love is wonderful.
Being drunk and in love is better than anything.
Where's that?
OK, that's quite close.
I don't know what you mean by crackerbox, but I'm in belltown.
No drab pastel colors or retail on ground level.
Seems decorated enough on the outside, too.
Yes, new and large.
I don't see why it deserves to be called a cracker box.
But an actual cracker box isn't a cheap, boxy building.
It's a little box, for holding crackers.
That's the function of the devil, surely.
Ban him, bc!
Now we're going to hack your computer.
Unless you buy me a pizza.
I hope so.
Maybe if it were a large ant and a small plant.
A nerd window?
Why would you want such a thing?
bc is a clever little bastar
What the fuck is that supposed to mean, bitch?
Fuck you.
Being a belligerent IRC drunk is more fun than it probably should be.
Is Carrie a hottie?
Didya bang her?
Oh no!
It's the freeform, spontaneous poetry that we find irresitible, luisa|||.
irresistible
Well, nobody wears bras, as such.
Most girls just wear one bra at a time.
Regardless, your minimal tittage doesn't require a bra.
Try band aids.
Use putty to model little caps for them.
That conform to the shape of your breasts.
Frankly, I think visible nipples are unsightly.
Wear a sweater, luisa|||.
Your nipples show through a sweater?
That's impressive.
I'd like to meet your nipples.
Of course not, because you like displaying nipples.
Oh, I think it's pretty obvious that you care.
You're either lying, ugly, or naive.
Maybe some combination thereof.
Guys like looking at breasts!
Surprise!
Good for you.
Yes, and their breasts get looked at too.
Most men are amazingly openminded in their ogling.
Maybe they're pregnant whitetrash fuckers with missing teeth, eh?
This sounds like the set up to a bad porn movie as if there were some other kind.
The new girl in the office attracts the attention of upper management!
Offices shouldn't generally be full of beautiful people.
There must've been a mistake.
And rightly so.
I hope their modeling, now.
Modeling nipple caps, even.
Yeah, if only she would quit eating so fucking much.
Fat fucking pig.
I don't believe that.
Nobody likes 200 lb girls.
Vladinator.
Name another.
That's right, you can't.
With their big black horsecocks.
See, like I said, a porno.
You've never gone where?
To the cinema?
As have I.
I've never had wild junglesex with a black guy, though.
I have trouble believing that.
Black people can be Catholic.
I was Catholic earlier today, until my nickname was stolen.
You will be attending mass?
Right on!
Do they forbid visible nipples?
I don't follow.
One mustn't flirt in church.
It's unseemly.
Out front, afterward?
Oh, absolutely.
But flirting during the service is a good way to earn a smiting.
Also during the potluck.
Church potlucks are a magnificent place to meet very eligible individuals.
And in a very wholesome atmosphere, too!
How many catholics have you been with in all?
I'm guessing 34.
I think it's interesting that I had the mental fortitude to venture such an appallingly high number.
It wasn't easy for me, mind you.
Nobody should ever, under any circumstance, have relations with twofifths of a catholic boy.
I don't think that leaves me with a very good estimate at all, actually.
I'm stuck with a rather grotesque estimate.
Oh, three or four.
Rounding really should've occurred to me.
Really, First_Incision, what would the Virgin say to that?
I wish I were a better Catholic.
Respect her desire for chastity.
You needn't defile every innocent young thing you come accross, First_Incision.
across
Actually, and I'm being serious now, how does one become a Catholic?
I was raised a Protestant, but at the moment, I'm thinking it wise to bet against the splinter group.
What's a year, though, really.
That sounds fantastic.
I want to be a Babtist.
OK, whatever, you're a Babtist.
See, it's lacking.
I didn't even manage to spell it correctly.
Oh well, I always hated Baptists, anyway.
I did, too.
Because my parents spoke disapprovingly of Baptists.
Children are so impressionable.
Does she have the decency to hide her nipples?
Excellent.
So few girls do, these days.
I'm sure that's what drew you to her.
You were going about your business one day and noticed, with a shock, that you couldn't see this girls nipples.
The rest is, as they say, history.
Nobody's perfect.
Do you know what's truly hideous, though?
Bra straps.
My goodness, visible bra straps rankle my sensibilities like nothing else.
Well, I'm sure that was pleasant surprise.
Didn't you get her name at the party?
Or do you not have it even now?
You should always check ID.
Many 17 year olds look 18.
Pretty much the same?
And how is that?
Why are you listening to the 80s station long enough to hear the whole playlist?
That's a little strange.
I need some place to find nice girls.
I'm sure they are, but I'm not.
Where's everywhere, anyway?
I really don't know where to meet girls.
Hmm, no.
Everywhere I go is full of old and young men, old women, and stupid girls.
Good night, First_Incision.
It's true, too.
The topic
What's up, homiez?
bc, well, umm.
She could be.
Damn it, RobotSlave, where's the pizza?
I think that's what we're all wanting to know.
The only real reason to pierce one's tongue is cocksuckery.
It's obscene, really.
I can't.
I just can't.
Sluts, all of them.
Oral fucksluts, what's more.
That's because we're one and the same, bc.
Maybe you just lack the perspective of an oral fuckslut, RobotSlave.
10 says shes going to get her tongue pierced.
I'm suggesting that someone once told me that people pierce their tongue to enhance oral sex and I've been repeating it ever since, RobotSlave.
Posting messages to nerdinfested webboards  that's my anticocksuckery.
I don't think men get their tongues pierced.
I've never heard of such a thing.
Maybe she's just really butch.
It happens.
Your crazy Scottish names mean nothing to me!
I'm thinking of wandering downtime in a bit if it isn't too cold.
downtown
What the fuck was that.
You ran errands yesterday.
Are you, perhaps, a professional errand boy?
aqbot, weather
aqbot is worthless.
Weather KSEA, you fucker!
Where's kbfi?
That is closer.
50 degrees is pretty cold.
But a gyro would be good.
I'm sure yours wouldn't be strangled with any size ring you could find =
Dear Mr.
Savage, my cock ring keeps slipping off, making my boyfriend laugh at me.
Whatever can I do?
He's my favorite homosexual in the whole world.
Were that true, I'd be able to see your cock from here.
And I can't.
So there.
Really, this channel is full of disgusting discussions of anatomy.
Yesterday, luisa||| was telling us about her nipples.
Apparently they jut from her chest like little iron spikes.
Nor did I.
They rip through clothing.
They impale her lovers.
Go on, try.
I need food, too.
Specifically, I need lunch food for this week.
ColonDancer, fucking shut up!
I don't have saltines.
That sounds good, though.
Have I mentioned how much I like horseradish?
I have some of that.
I have a fantasy, actually, involving horseradish.
I want to lick horseradish off of luisa|||'s nipples until my tongue is shredded and bleeding.
A sin?
It's not a sin to fantasize about licking condiments off of luisa|||'s adamantine nipples.
She does.
They're simply huge.
I've seen normal nipples, and they don't gash holes in denim jackets, like yours doo.
I've not actually seen normal nipples, either.
For fuck's sake, I can't even type smilies right.
No, I don't even like nipples.
Speaking of a head full of nipples, I imagine you could drive your nipple right through my skull easily enough.
You could be a Bond villianess.
I'm considering getting a tongue piercing today.
Thoughts?
I hope luisa doesn't kill herself 
It's just text, Sulla.
How much conviction could I put into it?
Anyway, it would be a real shame if she died before I fulfillied my destiny.
No, that's an angry smily.
smiley.
I would feel a great loss of opportunity.
That's an emotion, of sort.
Right.
That didn't bear mentioning, Sulla, and you well know it.
It's disgusting and wrong in so many ways, I can't even begin.
I don't think what I want is perverse at all.
And will you please stop talking about corpses?
It makes me ill.
No, just oldfashioned ill with disgust.
I have delicate sensibilities, really.
Enough wankery, really.
No, I don't.
But I'll pretend I do so you stop with this absurdness.
I wasn't either, really.
I actually wouldn't mind if the lot of you went and masturbated.
That was fast, Sulla.
Gee, the whole fucking planet is full of idiots.
Everyone in this channel is an idiot.
You're an idiot.
If you can't cope with idiots, you're going to have an unhappy life.
You don't know that.
Maybe their subject of expertise never comes up.
Goodness knows that if one had only your K5 posting as evidence, luisatidying, one couldn't help but conclude that you were such an idiot.
Isn't?
I hardly have any coats >
OK, it's just about time to go.
RobotSlave is going to buy me pizza!
Some people have no self respect.
I have no trouble taking an absolutist stance, either!
They're just wrong!
Sulla, there's this story in Savage's column about a guy who had this girlfriend who demanded the right to cheat on him while insisting that he not cheat on her.
What's more, he went along with it.
It gets worse.
Guess who she fucked on their wedding night?
Hint It wasn't him.
I just can't relate.
It's sheer madness.
No kidding.
He often is, but I think he's entertaining.
No kidding.
I don't care how wonderful a girl is.
If she's going to make a habit of being unfaithful, forget it.
I'm quite simply not interested.
The fact that men put up with this nonsense has no doubt done worlds of harm to the stability that male/female relationships have enjoyed for thousands of years.
Women should never have been trusted with reproductive power.
Hey, folks.
The bus is full of fucking freaks, actually.
I don't mind them so much, though.
I've never had problems with a bus freak.
Why do people fight in the buses?
I thought the UK was supposed to be civilized.
Yes, it is funny.
Over here, estates tend to be nice.
I prefer not to talk about them.
I hate being asked for money.
Especially by thuggish looking black youth.
I can't walk more than a few blocks without a thuggish looking black usually a youth asking me for money.
I don't want them asking me for anything.
I don't look particularly generous or wealthy, either.
They must just ask everyone, in which case they are a public nuisance.
I shake my head and don't look at them.
That's my reaction.
Well, yes, I give people the time.
It's shameful how they take advantage of people.
You must be a bad tipper.
No wonder they're so surly, then.
Can you imagine a bartender who was never tipped, RobotSlave?
Not even once?
When I'm in a British pub, I'll just say, WHO DO I HAVE TO KILL TO GET A FUCKING BEER, GOD DAMN IT.
What crap.
I'm not buying anyone anything just because they get worked up.
Some bars are full of men having heart to heart talks, yes, but some aren't.
What does it remind you?
Do you frequent sports bars?
Well, so long as you don't spend too much time there, I'll try not to be disappointed in you.
The de facto sports bars.
I just really hate sports.
I imagine that's true.
Personally, I just prefer to drink alone by myself, instead of drinking alone with other people.
Like what?
I think it would be fun to be a dumb Yankee in a British pub, providing that I didn't get hurt.
Do you snap your fingers at the bartender, RobotSlave?
To be a pain.
That's why one goes overseas at all, really.
To torment the natives.
That could be fun.
I think I want the British equivalent to Coors.
What's that?
I have no fashion sense and I'm pretty fucking annoying 
At least I'm not fat.
I talk very quietly.
Too quietly, really.
I'm working on raising my voice.
RobotSlave, no, not really.
I'm quite aware that I don't talk loudly, so if I'm asked to repeat myself, I don't mind.
It doesn't look bad.
I'm going to go to bc's pub, find him, and talk to him.
Then I'll come back here.
I've never been in an American sports bar.
I don't intend to.
I don't like sports or bluecollar folk.
How did you do, bc?
Positively mediocre of you!
3rd out of 6.
RobotSlave, is there any bar you actually like?
Instead of merely tolerate?
OK, because you're certainly not indicating it.
bc, that irritates me too.
I'm frightened of drug dealers.
I'm just a white, whitecollar professional.
I've a lot to be scared of 
Have fun.
That's what I thought too.
I thought the sumerians fermeneted grain.
fermented
Maybe they have a stricter definition of beer.
Why would anyone put chicken in beer?
No, it was a good idea.
Absinthe makes people nutty.
2 billion people visit America every year.
It's true!
I wish you'd believe something I said, for once.
I have some sausages that I think I'll make for dinner.
They should be good with a spot of horseradish.
It is now, thanks to daylight savings.
Stop that!
There are no such dark times in Scotland.
My ex is coming to get her tools in about twenty minutes.
If I'm going to smash her face with her own hammer, I have to decide right now.
Anyone else with a vote?
Well, I guess it's 10 for.
However, I don't think we had quorum.
Can one really kill oneself by bashing one's face with a hammer?
I'd be covered with blood, though.
Hooray!
luisa, vote.
Quick.
I don't want to punish her in subtle ways.
OK, then there's no way the police will believe me that she did it herself.
I'll end up in prison!
Why wouldn't she go to the police?
Oh, easily.
Yes, luisa, but I could easily bash him with a hammer.
Heck, I bet I could bash him with a hammer even if he had his own hammer.
No, luisa.
I considered, bc, but then I'd just feel compelled to purchase her a new one.
She caught me by surprise, see, luisa.
She already had a new boyfriend lined up when she dumped me.
Kind of put me a bit behind.
I'll say.
Go on, Smitty, say it.
I dare you.
You stupid fucker.
Somebody ban him, please.
Yeah, women spend a lot of time opening up computers.
It's clearly not, though.
Hey, I keep a locked diary.
I don't want anyone reading what's in there!
That would explain a lot.
Maybe I am a girl.
No, she dumped me because I suck.
No, it's important to be honest with oneself.
I was dumped for sucking royally.
Thanks, but I'm a boorish fool.
I appreciate what you're saying, bc, but I'm happy and comfortable being a loser.
It's really OK.
Then I'm pathetic.
Fine, I'm pathetic!
Got it.
bc, no.
AND MY NAME IS COUNTY
You give horrible advice.
But I'm not miserable!
I'm happy being a pathetic loser.
Yes, he's my kindred spirit.
Millions.
They've become quite a problem.
Large areas of the city are now uninhabitable.
Actually, there are no killer bees in Seattle.
It's too far north.
I think there are some in Texas, yes.
bc, she's keeping me waiting >
She better not.
Apparently!
Can she be forgiven?
This is all beside the point.
She doesn't want back.
It doesn't matter!
She's not going to ask to be taken back.
Well, she didn't.
And with any luck, I'll never have any contact with her again.
I met her at the front gate and didn't let her through.
She had no choice.
My poison is doing its work well.
No, luisa, you are murdered.
Yeah, but after the movie, you won't want another.
This sausage sandwich is quite good.
I'd like a drink, too, but tomorrow is Monday.
Seattle has no underground, but it's not very big either.
Buses will take you most anywhere you want to go.
bc, Seattle is only 500,000 people.
About.
A bit more.
It's the biggest small town, I think.
Or maybe the smallest city.
It's a weird place.
Feels big when you're in it, but it doesn't take long to get out of it.
You stand downtown and there's bustle and huge buildings and what not, but it a mile in any direction and it's all gone.
Just suburbs and stuff.
These sausages are really good.
They're lamb and pinenut.
Also, the pinenut reminded me of juniper, so I think it's fairly predictable what I did 
Sulla, yes, Seattle has skyscrapers.
I'm having trouble figuring out what the tallest building in Seattle is.
I believe there are some tall residential buildings, yes.
Hello, bc.
It's about time.
Those fucking bastards.
bc, I'm allowed to have 'slavery' as a keyword but not 'reparations'.
That strikes me as biased.
I guess we know which side of the debate they fall on!
Doubtless, bc.
Also, I wasn't allowed to have pyrhana vs piranha as a keyword.
I hate them.
Did you?
My keywords made a lot more sense before they cut half of them >
I had horseradish in there too, bc.
See, it all made sense.
They taste great!
It's luisa|!
Hooray!
It is.
Not so, I'm 28.
Someone should see about my dinner.
No one has seen about my dinner yet.
If you make me a good dinner, I'll let you have some.
Yes, it's lamb in a pita with yogurt sauce.
Right now, I'm protecting myself from malaria.
It's more fun than I remember innoculations being.
Native USian fare gets dull.
I haven't any crab, perdida, or potatos.
Crab cakes are good.
I want some.
I'm at 8.
4 right now.
That's not too shabby.
How very odd.
I thought one's hotornot rating was an average of one's scores.
I see that now.
You did not.
I haven't gotten any 1s.
I wish I could be breathtaking.
Fucking bc.
bc always ruins everything for me.
It's true, you do.
You wrecked my trolling carreer, you got me fired from my job, and you stole my girlfriend!
Which do you own up to, bc?
I knew it.
I just knew it.
Also, it's her and me, you fucking idiot.
illiterate
It's actually 615.
I just don't see the point.
And that advantages of chastity are too numerous to mention!
I don't think anyone is actually complaining about switching from daylight savings time.
Instead, you're making up an imaginary group of people who hole some bizarre position for the sole purpose of attacking them so you feel better.
Well, I hope it worked.
I sure the hell hope it worked.
hold, btw
Fetch your dinner or I'll verbally abuse you.
zuul, bc?
werd, man
Who's in Alabama?
Goodness.
I didn't know.
Wisconsin gets so very cold, bc.
30 degrees, or lower.
negative thirty degrees
You would not survive.
You are not accustomed to such extremes.
You could never look like a virgin, luisa|.
You're carnal eyes forever brand you the dirty whore you are.
The sickly reek of your whorishness pervades this channel.
The foul vapors of lust emenate from your defiled cunt, sullying the air.
Hey, my vapors aren't fouling the air.
Seems to me those who live in glass houses and all.
luisa|, no one is fooled.
How can we be, with this stench ever assaulting our noses?
Anyway, bbl.
I could get dinner now, or I could have another g&t.
That's what I'm thinking.
I'm not that hungry, anyway.
haha, is that why she wouldn't?
Generally, girls find holding hands appealing.
That's horrible.
At least I'll be here for her.
What is?
Despicable.
He's going to explain!
Well, ok then.
luisa has sexed thirtyfour Catholics.
By her own admission.
Oh, wow!
Somebody forgot to mix this.
My g&t.
I prefer Northwest girls.
Northwest US, Captain_Tenille.
Why do you want to go to Wisconsin?
Other than the obvious.
Most NW girls are not punk rockers.
I don't think anyone is a punk rocker anymore, frankly.
I'm in Seattle, Captain_Tenille.
Well, bc, they are polite and reserved.
Just like NW people in general.
Not exactly, bc.
NW girls tend to be a bit selfreliant.
That's not typical of the 1950s.
The Northwest is in general mistrustful of large heirarchies of any sort.
It tends to make the people have a bit of an independent streak.
And 'IRC', in our case.
You're going to give yourself lung cancer.
How convenient.
What's stupidity in solid and liquid form?
How true.
In excess, though, alcohol is fantastic.
I drink to numb the horrible pain inside.
I tend to end up passing out.
Success, I guess!
luisa|, yeah, drink more.
Just do it.
Getting drunk off beer is too much trouble.
I have the urge to have another, but I really need to not.
Really, RobotSlave?
I've only had digestive problems with liquor.
Not all American beer is bad, bc.
First_Incision, that's OK.
I'm sure I have hundreds of stomach cells, at least.
Do they grow back?
Hooray!
I don't mind that much.
I think too much for my own good.
I'd be happier if dumber.
Not before he buys me a pizza, Captain_Tenille.
He's a cheap bastard, though.
God damn you, RobotSlave.
Shots always struck me as stupid.
I just fill a big glass with liquor and drink away at it.
I really do.
I don't even own a shot glass.
Never saw the point.
My glass if about full pint, but I don't fill it all the way.
I fill mine about half way.
No wonder I get so wasted 
I only do that when I really want to kick my ass, though.
I'm getting a little tipsy right now, actually.
The worst part about sitting halfdrunk at a computer is the urges to email and message various people one shouldn't.
I'm sure there's worse, but I can't think of it right now.
Oh, that and the nigh irresistible urge to get more 
bc, I need the selfcontrol speech.
I'm an alcoholic born and bred.
Would bc be your god of man love?
I tend not to realize I'm totally smashed when I am.
It's only later that I realize that, god damn it, I was really fucking drunk.
You need to talk more, maybe?
Dance, too.
Nobody dances decently while drunk.
Then drink, luisa|, please.
Anything to rid us from the irritating bitch we are currently saddled with!
I know a great deal about many things, actually.
Why do you ask?
Is there something you wish to know?
Pack long johns and a warm jacket.
Truth, RobotSlave, is what most people would agree to.
You're wrong, then.
No, you.
Are too.
Are too.
I'm rubber, you're glue.
What you say bounces of me and sticks to you.
Booger breath.
I know you are, but what am I?
RobotSlave> Damn, straight.
I imagine he says that often.
I've not reset the clocks in my kitchen yet and they keep frightening me.
Eggers is funny.
I live in Atlanta!
I work in the mailroom at BDSM.
Yeah, we keep upper management under our heel.
So to speak.
Yep, we have the board whipped.
In a manner of speaking.
Last month, a director got a bit uppity and we had to spank him.
As the expression goes.
You might say we have the rest of the company chained in our basement.
To turn a phrase.
I'm not.
I'm describing my work.
If I can looking 13 now, I'll look a mere 20 when I'm 30!
Not more corsets.
But that woman's vagina looked like a chicken carcass, bc.
A chicken carcass!
You certainly found that site again quickly.
No, it's just the garmet that makes her look wellendowed.
I tend to look clownish and all too real.
In other words, RobotSlave, we need to find naughty pictures of luisa|.
luisa| only likes looking at herself.
I don't know if that counts as an inhibition, though.
I find that difficult to believe.
You can hardly lavish enough praise on yourself in here!
Why wouldn't you want to look at yourself?
I didn't say anything about that.
Oh no, if it's not your skin that's perfect, it's your nose.
Or maybe your ankles.
I've listened to it for weeks, I know what I'm talking about.
Way too much makeup.
Even the lips.
Weirdo.
eh, she's OK, I guess.
The circumstances of the photographs' taking do not matter in the least.
They're still boring and she's still ugly.
There is only one girl to whome I could be attracted.
I apologize.
I simply don't like women, in general.
No, they don't.
Probably not.
A black girl can have up to 20% of her weight in her lips.
That's one of the reasons I've oft considered leaving the US for Scotland.
The South will rise again.
RobotSlave@199.
My hotmail accounts were disabled >
I'm sure I missed all sorts of important email.
I'm sure I did 
What's the 720?
No, not stupid nonsense like that.
If the hotornot score is a percentile, why is no one below 4.
Maybe.
There are a heck of a lot more 9.
x than 0.
x people, though.
They're using some sort of freaky selfesteem encouraging scale.
They're balancing the scores to a curve, but the curve is grossly topweighted.
Actually, maybe it's not a curve at all.
It's just a line!
First_Incision, to find out how attractive you really are, you'd have to integrate something like y = x over 0, your score.
It's insidious, really.
A score of 7 on such a scale isn't that good at all.
It might even be worse.
y = x^2.
There are a lot of 9.
9s and 9.
8s, after all.
And how!
No, because women give all the men 10s because women aren't so shallow as to care about looks.
Surely they would correct the mistake quickly, though.
And move on to rating women.
See you in hell, Barry Corrigan.
I like the way that sounds.
Nobody here is icky.
No, he's not.
Also, I somewhat doubt any of us will be lusting after her.
RobotSlave likes men.
I only like but one female.
We're pretty safe.
I'm sure I'm not going to tell you.
I should clarify, though, that it isn't you, luisa||.
I'd hate for your ego to misinterpret silence.
It's count, Sulla.
county.
Thanks, RobotSlave!
Dislikes vanity, cheating, drinking too much, jealousy, insecurity
She all but mentioned you by name, Sulla.
I would rather cum all over her face.
I typod.
That's should have been gently stroke
I'll put that in my profile.
I'm ghastly.
I think I'm a little better than all that.
Who's MacEwans?
No, she looks ugly, actually.
Yeah, so what is it?
Or who is he?
She sounds like an idiot.
I just wanted to make sure it wasn't any chicanery, First_Incision.
Fake idiots annoy me.
Yes, Sulla, he did.
I need two.
One two go over each eye.
I would've been the only one with pyrhana vs piranha as a keyword, if the stupid moderator had allowed me.
that only list their favorite bans is a superfluous qualification.
It's great.
Is she cute?
Yes, thank God!
I have an account now, so I can try to meet people.
I just realized that.
Will you write such a script for me?
I would never consider a nonChristian.
Well, not Unitarian.
Absolutely no Unitarians.
Beyond that, I'm flexible.
NonChristians are so sluttish, callous, and cruel, though, First_Incision.
Sulla, no.
Why do you say that, Sulla?
You're saying that there is nothing morally wrong?
Well, I don't think I can agree with that.
Some things are morally wrong, First_Incision.
Oops, so she does.
I'll click to meet her.
I was excrutiatingly honest on my profile, and I'm sure that my openess and vulnerability will pay off.
It's fairly obvious why many of them are virgins.
I drink, though.
And I'm unwilling to give it up for a mere female.
We'll see.
Actually, some of these virgins aren't as ugly as others!
First_Incision, I don't want a nonChristian.
That she is.
I AM GOING TO.
I AM GOING TO BLOODY FUCK HER BRAINS OUT.
I mean, I'll click 'yes'
Sulla, you're much better looking than me 
tisn't fair.
I've not a chance!
My brutal honesty.
dessert, surely.
Sulla!
There will be none for me 
Stop stealing all the girls, 4god damn you.
I don't know how to be any more serious sounding on IRC.
No, sublimation is changing directly from a solid to a gas.
So there.
As adamant as she is, I'm almost sure I want to have sex with her less than she wants to have sex with me.
See, I don't want just any Christian girl.
I want a guilty, insecure one.
That would be funny.
It's already happened this week.
I thought RobotSlave had an apartment.
Doesn't it have the appropriate facilities?
Why not just use the coffee shop's bathroom, then?
I don't quite see why you were going to a coffee shop to defecate in the first place, though.
Surely your place of employment has the appropriate facilities?
You work not far from me?
I didn't know that.
If I'm three blocks from crack park, what's the farthest you could be from me?
What is Teatro Zinzanni, anyway?
The clientel looked to welldressed for it to be a strip club, which was my first guess.
I can't think of anything I'd rather do than watch clowns and acrobats while I ate.
Especially if the clowns, acrobats, and food were all mediocre, but overpriced.
I'd go, then, but I'd need a mediocre, overpriced date to really round out the evening.
Ah, excellent.
There's nothing I like more than an inferior port.
You know the sort, the sickly sweetness can't quite mask the metallic tang.
Please tell me that the salad chef is overly liberal with the rather oily, bland vinaigrette.
I know good restaurants.
My goodness, that girl in that picture is hot.
phonograph
luisa| has in the past seemed concerned about the rate at which brain cells die under various circumstances.
There isn't really any point to physics.
It is really weird that there are 13 of them and one in the middle.
Then the tall one in the back with the bold stance in black would be Peter?
She looks strong, to me.
Make a fine Peter.
The fat one, second from the left is Thomas.
She doesn't believe it will work so she can't be bothered to even watch.
That was no doubt intentional, too.
What does it presume?
One should date as high as one can manage.
Even if trickery is required.
True enough.
It is no small feat to convince oneself that a girl is lovely when she is plainly not.
I don't think that comment was directed at anyone in particular.
By the way, I'm a woman.
Liquid food, but food.
No, it always returns images.
I spend time in busses.
Am I a communist?
That last supper stuff didn't actually happen, you know.
I'm a devout Christian and realize that none of it actually happened.
gauntlet
Correcting people correctly has lost its charm for me, though.
However, it appears that I'm correct anyway.
So there!
2144 <zikzak> gauntlet is a video game, one of the first that allowed
What's another way to say common misspelling?
let me think.
Oh yes, it's also called a correct spelling!
Hmm, it even says that au won out.
Admit it, you're beat.
The elite should know better than to care.
grammar
It matters to you.
What if I don't want to predefine my world view?
Maybe I just want to kind of wing it as I go.
I haven't a world view.
Is it a nice parking lot?
I'm going to start looking for coffee shops in the area that share their restroom with another business.
It's a clue.
My only clue.
I have to track down RobotSlave before he tracks me down.
No, it's not.
Plus, I'm sure you'd lie to me.
I'll just call up and ask for RobotSlave.
The toilet paper is actually soaked with blood?
I half thought you were just being British when you described it.
No, momocrome, he works in Belltown.
Yes, crack park is full of crack heads and it's in Belltown.
The area is mostly crack head free, though.
Lake City has car dealerships, too.
Billions of them.
A galaxy of car dealerships.
momocrome, can you look out your window and see the name Bill Pierre?
There's a car dealership downtown?
The little town I'm from doesn't allow car dealerships inside the city limits.
They're all clustered right outside.
There are no vast lots in the middle of the city.
Why must you see everything in a bad light, RobotSlave?
At least Seattle has a Super Elephant Carwash to keep those cars clean.
I like having it where it is.
I dislike the space needle.
The experience music thingy too.
They're both ugly.
Are they planning on tearing the experience music thingy down soon?
He's mocking your Space Needle, RobotSlave.
Halloween plans?
I asked, halloween plans?
I'm going trickortreating in Green Lake as HeMan.
I have the power, see.
It's disgusting.
So what will you be doing, RobotSlave?
Sucking lots o' cock?
I lied, actually.
I think I'll sit at home drinking and weeping for what I've lost.
I might as well, RobotSlave.
I'll drunkenly implore them not to do what I have done, without mentioning what exactly that is.
I made pancakes with a wok.
No, pancakes.
A wok is a pan.
A wok isn't shaped like any cup I have.
No, because a wok is a pan.
It can't be in a class by itself.
Look, I have a wok right here, and it's clearly a pan.
nice round bottom
I miss her nice round bottom.
I wonder if esolutions would write an ode to her nice round bottom for me.
It's chilly out!
Nothing like a nice hot beer to warm one up, though.
Goodness no.
It's almost impossible to find a cold beer in these parts.
They're all served quite hot.
Scald one's tongue if not drunk with care.
I may have made that up.
Carousing?
Figures, slut.
Parties are disgusting.
That's one theory.
Always.
I only got one.
And she's ugly.
I think so.
Many of them, anyway.
What would you know about virgins?
Oh, now I have two double matches.
They're both ugly.
Fucking hell.
Does my picture make me look as though I like fat, ugly girls?
I didn't think so.
And I do.
Goodness I do.
There's nothing better than a Christian girl with unfounded bodyesteem issues.
Nothing.
I'd hit it.
She'd be better if she were a Chirstian with a bodyesteem issues.
Did you foul them while carousing?
I think I'm going to mention your dirty unmentionables at this point, in hope that the resulting paradox will annihilate you from spacetime.
bbl, peeps
luv ya all 4eva
I'm back.
I needed another g&t.
My g&t's are getting to be more g and less t lately.
I'm getting paid tomorrow and I'm going to purchase some additional spirits.
I'm concerned because that means almost half don't!
10 pints is a bit if drunk all at once.
A good bit.
Is your pint bigger or smaller than our pint?
Gin always makes me hungry for pepperoni, but I never think to get any when I've not been drinking it.
Well, that too.
It makes me want more gin and some pepperoni too.
I went several months without a drink, me0w.
It was miserable.
I'll never do that again.
From now on, only two or three days between drinks, at most.
That's like not having time to eat, or breath.
I actually have a prescription from a doctor for alcohol.
It's the only medicine for what ails me.
I wish today were Friday.
What a blessed country you live in.
I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
I want to forget who I am tonight.
I want to reduce myself to a mindless, unfeeling, insensate piece of flesh.
Don't what?
I have to go to work!
I haven't any sick days.
What's laphroaig?
I haven't decided what spirits I will purchase with my paycheck.
Probably not any scotch, though.
Not enough bang for my buck.
my hands are numb
I love this part.
I'm not in this body
I'm just using it
I love that feeling.
Because this isn't my body.
I'm just using it, luisa.
These aren't my eyes, either.
I can see through them, but everything is so far away.
And funny.
I'm not a wealthy man, bc.
That's true.
What would you suggest?
I'll look for it.
How much for a bottle, luisa?
Oh, I can afford that, certainly.
I can't afford 150, though.
Yes, but drinking something older than I am has a certain appeal.
It doesn't have $150 worth of appeal.
pay write?
Pretty soon, 1USD will equal 1 yen 
My g&t has run out of gin.
I don't actually get to the bottom.
I just pour some t, then some g on top.
Then I refile when the g is gone.
I'm not sure why I need the t at all, really.
I wish we wouldn't compete.
Let's just have a global currency.
4 currencies!
What are they?
That's way too complicated right now.
Sorry!
I wish I had a $5 bill!
When intoxicated, no doubt.
Do you still have pence?
How fun!
Shillings?
It is a horrible world, ubu, and for more reasons than we could possibly list here.
Oh, ubu, I wasn't speaking of her bottom, but another's.
Another's sweet, round, perfect bottom
Oh, how I crave that bottom.
In a pure sense, of course.
One can purely crave a bottom, and I do.
I wish luisa were mine.
I should've stollen her, somehow.
Oh God, I lust for luisa such that you can't imagine.
Thanks for the tip, I'll try that.
Have I mentioned any of the fantasies I have regarding luisa?
Well, for one thing, I want to lick horseradish off of her breasts, particularly her nipples.
Is that freakish?
RobotSlave, I forgot to check coffee houses today.
It was cold, so I just wanted to get home 
Oh, that part was made up.
I don't really want a bloody tongue.
However, I really do want to lick horseradish off luisa's nipples.
I want it very, very much.
There's nothing filthy about that.
I don't want her.
You can keep her.
I just want to lick her nipples.
I'm sure!
I'd also like to punch her a bit, but you'd probably disallow that.
I actually wanted to punch her in the anus.
Great!
I imagine.
Can I have that end?
I don't care about her cunt, but I want to abuse her anus.
I believe he's telling the truth.
He's fucked you in ever way you can be fucked, luisa.
RobotSlave, since when have you been the morality police?
You used to be so cool, man.
What happened?
I don't either, RobotSlave.
I joke about them to try to numb the pain.
The pain, RobotSlave.
Can't.
Not drunk enough!
Do you want to fuck kitten as much as I do, ubu?
Well, I didn't say how much I wanted to.
Well, you might be surprised by how little I want it.
Ironic?
Like the singer.
What's her name?
She had a video where she pretended to be naked.
Oh god I wanted to see her tits.
I raged against the heavens!
But still, her tits were blurred.
I imagine so!
However, it was denied me.
At least through MTV.
You're one to condemn hatred, RobotSlave.
You like nothing at all!
That's only a short step from hating everything.
I am the bridge.
I am the great unifier.
As it turns out, I like both ubu and RobotSlave.
Even though you cannot like eachother, I like you both.
I really do.
I can't even rank my like for you each.
I couldn't say if I like ubu more than RobotSlave, or vice versa.
Well, I could say, sure.
I could say anything!
I want to lick horseradish off of luisa's perfectly little puckered anus.
See, I said that.
I don't even know what hatred is.
I can't hate.
I don't want to penetrate her anus.
I just want to spread that cute little ass and admire her anus for a while.
Maybe gently and reverently touch it.
I'm going to go try to make a sandwich.
We'll see how it goes.
I failed.
I didn't come up with a sandwich, just more booze.
Well, bc, I opened the frige, saw a beer, picked it up, popped the cap off, poured it and came back in here.
Before starting or before passing out?
I'll go to bed at 1030.
luisa's breasts are too small to push up.
When lies on her back,she's perfectly flat chested, with only her perfect nipples jabbing upward.
Most of them are too fat.
Too fat for all of them.
The bus home was full of freakily dressed freaks.
And other sorts of paint.
Lots and lots of paint.
Might as well rename it Paintnight.
As an aside, I would sell my soul to paint luisa's nipples.
Is it naturally black?
Then I would probably want to kill her.
If everyone who I have wanted to kill dropped dead right now, the earth would be quite devoid of human inhabitants.
Oh yes it would.
I have.
Everyone.
Why, bc?
I have no idea.
They've don't nothing to me!
What's a falsy?
Oh, that's absurd.
The perfect woman is entirely flat when she lies on her back.
RobotSlave, goodness no.
I don't care.
I only want younger women.
What does this new technology do?
I'm ignorant of the vstring.
How does that differ from a bikini?
OK, I can understand the difference.
I'd like to see luisa in a vstring, by the way
I've forgotten your problem by now, if indeed you've told us.
If so, that's disgusting.
I absolutely cannot abide visible panties or bra straps.
They are aesthetically and morally reprehensible.
I always loved being dragged to Victoria's Secret.
I miss it 
It has finally dawned on me to ask, RobotSlave, under what circumstances did you discover these flirty panties in the Victoria's Secret catalog.
I'm sure we'd all like to hear.
Help me out.
I don't know what a Victoria's Secret Angel outfit is.
You're quite right, bc.
RobotSlave's answer is no answer at all.
hehe, you win with that one.
Pity for you you're lying, but hey, that's not our concern, right?
No, you told a consistent story, and that's all we're entitled to.
I'd give anything for a picture of luisa topless right now.
exonerate
No it isn't.
I miss casually handling her undergarments while she did laundry 
RobotSlave, yes.
The perfect girl was mine.
I could not hope to replace her were I to search unendingly for millions of years.
However, I lost her.
I've lost, period.
And such depths of despair.
Is that the solution?
I'd hit it.
She wore long, but unobtrusive earrings.
I loved them 
No, she does not.
I have the hiccoughs.
Could things get any worse?
ubu, she dumped me.
I wasn't good enough.
I was inferior, inadequate.
I was cast from paradise with nary a struggle.
I was too shocked to respend.
What does one say when one's heart is ripped beating from one's body and crushed beneath the heel of a lover?
What is there to say?
Exactly.
I could've spoken forever, but I had nothing to say, not really.
I was slain.
Nothing could change that.
Endless babble soothed the sould slightly, though.
3rd try's the charm.
I try.
Goodness how I try.
I know!
However, when drunk, I tend to burden bc with it.
He's quite a sport, though.
A capital fellow.
I couldn't ask for better.
He doesn't judge, but makes appropriate comments when, well, appropriate.
Like, That's rough.
or Yeah, she's a bitch for sure.
Stuff like that, you know.
You've got it.
When no one cares, someone pretending to care is just about as good.
ubu, I was perfectly loyal.
I stuck with her through anything!
Nothing could impinge on my faithfulness.
As it turns out, though, I might as well have dumped the bitch when things got difficult.
I was determined.
I would sooner shatter into a billion pieces, forever unrecoverable, than fail her.
I naively thought she felt the same way.
Of course not.
Yes, it was.
Indeed!
She told me that she loved me.
What did she mean by that?
She certainly didn't mean what I meant.
I meant dedication.
I meant pain.
I meant no agony is enough to convince me this isn't worth it.
She meant, I like having you around.
Quite an unfortunate misunderstanding.
I understand.
No matter how clearly the fault is hers, I cannot but blame myself.
If I blame her, then I have admitted ultimate defeat!
If I blame her, I confess that I was wrong to love her at all, that I made a mistake even in that.
So long as I blame myself, that at least remains unreproachable.
So, it was my fault.
I have absolutely no idea.
However, I am wholly to blame and it cannot be otherwise.
It's strangely comfortable.
That and alcohol.
The combination is unbeatable.
It wasn't an illusion!
She really was all I ever could want, and now she's gone.
I say that now, of course.
I thought you quit?
It's strange.
I vaguely remember being dissatisifed with aspects of her when she was mine.
Now, however, I would not wish to have someone who was different than her in any way whatsoever.
I don't know.
Right now, I honestly can't imagine ever being with anyone, because they would invariably lack some stupid oddity of hers, and would thus be not good enough.
She had too much facial hair.
Not way too much, but definitely too much.
Can I imagine being pleased with a smoothfaced girl, though?
Not a chance.
She had a scar in her eyebrow.
I miss it so much 
bc, it's complicated, boring, and confusing.
What a combination!
I hope Microsoft is broken into a million pieces.
I also hope that they take over the world.
Yes, I suppose I do.
And how!
I might be out of work if MS were broken up.
It's difficult to say.
That strikes me as the sort of thing you could enjoyl
RobotSlave, where's Auburn?
bc, no.
Why do you ask?
How far?
I've been by it, I'm sure.
Ah, OK.
No, bc.
I think hotornot is the key, though.
Yes, bc is right.
They key to becoming a whole human being again.
I have been fractured, almost destroyed.
Most of my pieces are lost and must be rebuilt, but out of what?
hotornot, of course!
Had the blow been even a fraction stronger, I could not have survived!
But I did.
Hotornot will make me whole again, and then I will wreak my vegeance.
I lived, you sorry wretch, and now I'm coming for yo.
Suicide mission is right.
I care not what happens to me now if only I can know that the people who did this to me suffer and die.
If I must perish too, so be it.
In the end, she will fall prostrate before me and beg for mercy, but I shall fine none within me.
I will slay her, and in slaying her, I will finally understand what I have lost, what I have destroyed by my own hand, what angelic work I have unmade, and I will thus perish.
Maybe.
I want to drink more.
I want more alcohol so much that it hurts.
RobotSlave, I have plenty in the house.
However, I have to work tomorrow, and it would be unbecoming to go to work hungover.
I will never let on that I am an alcoholic.
It's absolutely out of the question.
How utterly strange.
She likes it when people piss on her face.
That occurred to me, but I like my interpretation more.
No, cp, she means pissing.
There's nothing she likes more than guzziling someone's piss.
The reviewers wouldn't let me have pyrhana vs piranha
But 'scat' and 'golnder showers' are OK?
I'm confused.
For local girls, you can't beat Mandy.
Fuck, Mandy is hot.
Well, you might as well.
RobotSlave, when we all knew you were gay but couldn't prove it.
that was comfortable.
We liked that.
Yes, you're certainly that.
I'm going to make Mandy mine.
Mandy is kind of a stupid name, though.
A bikini model models bikinis.
A nude model, then, models.
That's the only possible conclusion.
However, nudity doesn't need modled.
Nudity is everywhere.
I can't say no to that.
What the fuck are you talking about?
One shaves hair, and one shaves it off.
There's no shaving of foam, and certaintly not shaving of it all over something.
I only like one name.
I liked you better in the closet \
Who should?
The damn moderators wouldn't let me, I'm sure.
I hate them so much.
The hotornot reviewers will be first against the wall.
How'd you guess?
Suppose, Sulla, that you had a button that would, if pressed, convert everything in the universe to a thin vapor.
How long could you resist pressing it?
I think I could hold out until I get intoxicated, Sulla.
I'm going to retire now.
Night!
This channel really suffers without its heart and soul.
I've known bc for twenty years.
We played together when we were but children.
Did you.
Well, I can't be held accountable for what you think.
I probably meant to type '24', which is my actual age.
However, the '1' and '2' keys are quite close.
No, I don't recall spending any time with sheep.
Generally such things are left to the shepherds.
sup u crazy peeps
Hisssss!
That's what I'm thinking I'll do.
It really is bright and cheery out, but I don't know what I'd do.
Out there.
Maybe I'll make a sandwich and go for a picnic.
I used to picnic frequently.
My lack of anyone to picnic with has put a bit of a damper on it, though.
Goodness, no.
Well, most younger people just get stoned and play hackysack in parks, but some of us picnic.
Well, no.
She had all the special equipment, such that there was.
Really just a blanket.
No, just a blanket.
A little cooler for holding the food is nice, but not necessary.
No, picnicking can be done in normal, casual clothing.
Profit?
Oh, I profitted.
It was enjoyable.
Isn't that enough?
Your dream was lacking because you didn't profit from it?
Profit in what sense?
Is it money you want?
There isn't any more than contentment.
Sorry.
Discovery and achievement are just contentment, clearly.
I'm not sure I believe in delight at all, and love isn't a proper feeling at all.
It's a disease.
If that's so, why are you sitting there by yourself telling me this?
I'm not questioning your convictions, but it is curious.
I find it discouraging that someone both older and more cynical than I am would still worry about love.
Why worry at all?
Do you feel that you lack something crucial if you do not?
You have some experience with accounting, I'm sure?
Well, there is a balance sheet associated with emotion and experience too.
And in the end, it must add up to zero.
That's why contentment is the prudent choice.
What I said was actually only half true.
One can incur absurd liabilities without ever having to balance.
Go figure.
But you are cynical.
It's just entropy.
There's nothing cynical about the physical sciences.
Happiness is order.
Well, if that's really what you're looking for, then employ pharmaceuticals to correct your deficient brain chemistry.
I suppose you can cheat that way.
Stumble through a haze of druginduced euphoria until you die, and die ahead.
The karma police won't ever get you that way, unless there's an afterlife.
An afterlife changes the playing field somewhat.
Maybe your earthly suffering will be richly rewarded by Elysium.
Really, though, isn't existential angst a grand passion?
For the grand passions?
I think that right there qualifies.
An interesting paradox would have presented itself, had that been your longing.
The poets prattle on about courage, love, and loyalty unto death.
Why not boredom?
Boredom unto death.
Yes, but it has been denied its rightful place among the noble sentiments.
Imagine, to die, and at your funeral have it be said in all seriousness, He was a bored man.
We're getting offtopic, though.
What is it you want?
Surely you've been in a family before.
Families are mostly habit and laziness.
Why don't you become a Christian, then?
Oh, that's quite all right.
Many people not familiar with the religion think that one has to believe in God to be a Christian.
That's quite wrongheaded.
Yes, you really ought to say that you believe in God, when asked and that will be only rarely, but I'm sure you're accustomed enough to lying to yourself  why not others?
I don't know who palehorse is.
What do you have faith in, though?
Perhaps your cynicism grew to be a little much, RobotSlave.
Some people IRC to forget.
I'm not allowed to see #kuro5hin's akick list.
I can't even see it.
That's suspect.
Yes, he trolls endlessly.
I don't do much besides make snide, backhanded comments and flirt with cow.
Oh come on.
It's all a matter of luck.
Just like everything else.
Let the man have his dream.
All the more reason to be elite.
Everything worth having is hard to get.
It's not true, though.
Like I said, it's mostly luck.
It may take a while, but I'll be going about my usual business one day and I'll met my true love.
We'll become infatuated, then more than infatuated, and finally marry, and be happy together forever.
Because that's just how things work for me.
Everything works itself out all on its own, but it always takes longer than I would've liked.
It's not possible.
The actual mechanism is too complicated and obscure for meddling to introduce anything but randomness to the outcome.
Because I like looking in the mirror each morning and exclaiming, Damn, I look good!
I really do.
It's one of my favorite parts of the day.
Heavens no, Ethic.
Luck is the work of the gods.
That was an exceptionally stupid question, RobotSlave.
Oh, but it was.
Clearly atheists have a conception of luck.
It's a matter of empirical inquiry.
Ask an atheist if luck means anything to them.
Chances are they'll say yes.
Now, they're wrong about what luck is, but that's quite another matter.
One could use the same argument to prove that this planet isn't the work of the gods.
I wasn't trying to convince you.
Not so.
He asked me a question, and I answered it, and provided some background for my answer.
I was simply being polite.
Had I just said no, he doubtless would've asked me explain.
I saved him the trouble.
Hello, ubu.
I don't quite see why you need to get bitter and insulting on me, RobotSlave.
I don't think I've argued with anyone about anything at all while at work.
It would seem while he may or may not be telling the Truth, he is also wildly innacurate.
Exactly, Ethic.
I don't argue.
When the decision is mine, I make it.
When it isn't, I don't worry about it.
Surely you can admire pragmatism, RobotSlave.
You live in Massachusetts?
You seem too politically conservative, or is it just an act?
I've thought of living on the east coast, but I'm sure I never will.
I doubt I'll ever leave this city again.
Probably not even for a short while.
Best of luck to them.
Why do you think that?
RobotSlave finds something wrong with most everything.
It's that damn monorail.
It'll destroy the local economy.
I'm opposed to the monorail because it wouldn't benefit me right now.
Oh, really?
I have no idea where it goes, actually.
Ballard to downtown to West Seattle?
Anyway, they better not build it right past my home.
That would be irritating.
Hooray.
It's close to me, but I won't hear it.
Maybe I should have a drink to celebrate the monorail.
That's days away.
I want a drink now!
Why's it fun?
Yeah, if you're into that sort of thing, and who is?
Where are these parties?
Well, RobotSlave, maybe I'll wander down, just to ruin things for you.
The free drinks sound tempting.
What do the libertarians have?
Software engineers are often cute, though.
This is annoying.
It's in poor taste to have a bill with no due date on it.
Stupid Washington Mutual.
I need my money!
RobotSlave, when I deposited my paycheck, they put a hold on what I had deposited as well as most of what was already in there.
I really doubt it.
No, if I pipe up they'll just screw me over worse.
Well, it was a mighty big paycheck.
Says I'll get my money on the 5th, and I have a bill due on the 6th.
Maybe if I mail a bad check on the 4th it will get there on time and be good.
I could, but that seems a terrible habit to get in to.
Expensive, too.
I think so too.
From drinking too much that morning?
I'm having trouble getting into the mood to sit alone in the dark and get really wasted.
That bothers me, somewhat, since it used to be my favorite thing to do.
I hope so.
I wanted to get an early start today, but at the moment I feel fine sober.
luisa|, you didn't hi me.
Howdy, bc.
I picked up some glenmorangie yesterday, as you suggested.
Oh yes.
I mixed it with Dr.
Pepper and cranberry juice in a big pitcher and guzzled it all down.
It was OK.
Nothing special, though.
Oh, I forgot about the sugar.
It was too sour when I first tried it, so I added a bunch of sugar.
Don't know how much.
Certainly wasn't bad, but I don't understand the fuss.
On a more serious note, my former roommate actually did like mixing Dr.
Pepper and craberry juice with spirits.
He did.
It didn't taste bad, mind you, but it didn't taste good, and it didn't taste like a drink.
In all fairness, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
However, I didn't want another.
Screwdrivers don't taste alcoholic enough.
Dangerous.
I remember him drinking hard peach cider.
That's what was written on the bottle.
I've never had malt liquor.
I don't see any point.
There's plenty of delicious beer that can be had a reasonable price.
Well, maybe if one is terribly poor.
Thankfully I'm not.
Canadian whisky, too, I imagine.
I noticed yesterday that it cost a mere $7 a bottle.
Cheap cognac?
I thought cognac legally came from france.
What is it, luisa|?
Rolling Rock isn't bad.
That's why I buy Budweiser.
It has a freshness date.
It's quite inoffensive, in all seriousness.
I've never drunk a lot, but the taste is OK.
You should, bc.
What cheap bear does?
I've never had it.
Miller High Life is such a bad name I couldn't drink it.
Do you know what always facinates me?
The line between the head and the body on a nice, dark stout.
It's such a crisp little line.
You were right about the sun.
I require g&t now.
Yes, you did.
I'm almost out of tonic 
Stop looking at guys, really \
They should have a battle.
I'd like to tie luisa| up.
I'd tie her up far away from a computer, then she couldn't bother me anymore.
You would not, bc.
Again, why?
OK, maybe tying you up would provide me with additional pleasure 
I could go on.
Someone who's a computer.
Alternately, maybe they like computers.
He looks like a nerd.
It's an archery trophy.
Yes, Sulla?
What are you talking about?
It doesn't say that she's Italian or from the Vatican.
It says she like oral sex!
Christianity is not mentioned in her profile.
And a photoshopped lense flare.
Stop this blasphemy
The Song of Solomon is not erotic!
It's an metaphor for matters that have nothing whatsoever to do with sex.
No, it isn't.
You might want to read what Jack Chick has to say about Catholics first, luisa|.
Sulla, plainly the word of God would not encourage carnal lusts, so plainly the Song of Solomon cannot be about such lusts.
Absolutely not.
Within the context of marriage, sexual relations are only appropriate for the purpose of making children.
That much is clear.
Verses 12 through 6?
Sulla, I don't believe Genesis 141213 actually says that.
It clear doesn't.
Also, that was delicious.
I've just finished a baconwrapped pork chop.
The fact that you pretend not to distinguish between men and women unnerves me greatly 
Decide which one you want and stick to it!
Sulla, I've just consulted one of my dozens of Bibles and Genesis 141213 says no such thing.
King James Kirk?
You're absurd.
There's no limit to your absurdity!
King Kirk for short, I'm sure.
King Kirk I of England!
I'm full of pork, potatos, bacon, gin and beer.
RobotSlave, contentment is perhaps underrated.
Captain Kirk.
I am a proud and devout Star Trek fan.
If I can be serious for a moment, I'd just like to admit to spending several years lusting for the counselor from Star Trek.
tisn't funny.
You're being absurd again.
I can't believe I'm hearing what I am!
She looked immensely sexy in anything at all.
Well, she didn't look like my mother.
Maybe I would've found your mother attractive.
Who can say?
Those largish hips and ass combined with an inadequate bust were just too much for me.
I don't know?
It always struck me as on the small side.
Adequate for me, yes.
For the general public?
I suspect not.
I should go make some effort to clean up the kitchen.
I've never had a heineken.
It's one of his keywords, though!
It must be fantastic.
That's just a lie.
Oral sex is engaged in by people who can't think of how else to become more depraved.
luisa|, have you ever given oral sex?
RobotSlave, he looks like a catch.
Oral sex is always wrong.
I'm betting that not even luisa| has performed it.
That's why my ex was so perfect.
She could no more imagine a penis in her mouth than she could imagine a perfect sphere studded with corners!
The idea has never occurred to her and never would.
Never could.
Of course.
However, the idea is so alien to her that the oblique references present in pop culture simply confused her.
They don't show oral sex on tv here, bc.
To her, suck off was just an impenetrable idiom.
A quirk of speech in a language she would never know!
Such perfect purity is hard to find 
What about 'romance'?
That has scads, I'm sure.
Damn them for liking romance but not gut.
Altoids are used for oral sex, unfortunately.
They're quite tasty.
She looks pornish.
Her legs are spread too widely.
I'd like to chip the nailpolish on luisa|'s toes.
Then I'll just chip your toes.
I just like small and cute.
A girl should be no taller than 5'2.
Because, luisa|, any taller is too tall.
There's a girl at work who's around 5'2.
She's just so cute!
You jest.
5' with the right build would be utterly irresistible to me 
I like short girls with proprotionately long legs.
proportionately
It's not weird at all.
Also, I like hips, but not huge hips, and a nice round bum.
Also, the breasts mustn't be too large, but they must be pert.
This is frustrating, actually.
I'm relatively unopinionated about skin tone, actually.
White women tend to have a facial structure I find appealing, though.
However, I have found women of every race attractive.
It's no single facial structure.
Many black women just have faces I wouldn't like regardless of color.
Now I have never understood the people who prefer Asian women almost exclusively.
Well, I've never understood the nonAsian people who do.
Why not?
Why did you want to be a vegetarian?
Insects don't have a vertebrate, idiot.
The perfect bum is round.
Above all, it must be round.
It must also lunge rearward, as if attempting to escape the woman's back, but not too far.
Too far is perhaps a subjective affair, but I know it when I see it.
Also, it must be firm, but not muscular, because it must also be soft.
Velvety smooth and soft to the touch, and soft when squeezed.
Never jiggly, though.
luisa|| 
You're just teasing me.
You have not.
I don't believe you.
If I did believe you, I would be consumed with the need to see them, so I refuse to believe.
I meant >
Wow, that's flattering.
a big spidery leech
luisa||, if you let me see a good bumshot, I'll be forever grateful.
Oh fuck off, HailStorm!
I had a baconwrapped pork chop for dinner, HailStorm.
It was incredible.
Simply divine.
I can't understand what's going on from reading that passage.
I had potatos with it, with butter, garlic, and rosemary.
Very, very good.
I loved laying next to her, holding her head in one hand and running the other through her hair while just watching her.
I'd give anything to have that back.
You wouldn't.
Not the gloating look.
No, the pinch me I must be dreaming one.
I'm sure.
luisa||, go to a rave.
Well, then you'd better go.
Take E.
It'll sound great.
Be more specific.
What about it?
That's the point of drugs.
I drink to get by.
I drink to feel anything at all!
I DRINK BECAUSE I NEED IT TO LIVE.
Perhaps I am.
It is.
I don't like flab, but muscles are also unnatractive.
A thick epidermis might not be soft to the touch.
I put her at 28.
How old is she?
No, she's not 45.
28, though, easily.
me0w is, unfortunately, a filthy, sluttish degenerate.
No, I don't.
She was pure beyond all belief.
She was purity itself incarnate.
luisa||'s primary fault is her lack of selfdoubt and insecurity.
You don't appear to have enough.
Like some.
Have anyone in mind?
Oh god.
However, I find insecurity sexy, in moderation.
perdida is just way too much, though.
I talk about insecurities, doubts, and unhappinesses now and then.
It's all a matter of proprotion.
One can't let it define oneself.
It depends on one's natural tendency.
perdida's is to tell all.
Yours and mine is probably to put up a facade instead.
Neither is healthy, I imagine, ultimately.
perdida needs to shut up more and we need to take ourselves less seriously.
My theatrics on here regarding my ex have been comforting to me.
Because what I've said is strictly true?
It's connected enough to the truth, though, and I suppose that's what counts.
Understandable.
I didn't think I would, but for whatever reason I did, and I liked it.
Similar to my talk about my lust for luisa||.
I let slip one day, and it was such a liberating feeling!
I have talked to you in msg about it
I don't remember that.
Did I tell you about the bum fantasy?
Please tell me I didn't 
Oh fuck >
I'm never going to drink again.
He better not be.
Ah, but my name isn't 'Heidi'.
Also, I don't want to bite her bum.
That's absurd.
I have no memory of this at all.
Heavens no.
I want to insert the handle of a table knife into her anus, that's all.
I've never done it to anyone.
I really truly haven't, and you know it.
These hands have never inserted a table knife into anyone's anus.
Not in person?
What other way would there be to do it?
Via a remotecontrol robot?
As I just did.
Yes, well, I think this conversation has gone on quite long enough, as do you.
Doe she have a new diary?
la princesa', right?
She put it all in the introduction.
THE EXTENDED COPY IS THERE FOR A REASON
The poll is confusing.
Do you just mean sleep with?
Just slumber?
Well, I rather enjoy sleeping with girls, and I don't suppose her skin tone would much matter.
I don't want a tigress.
When I'm sleeping, I want her to be quiet and still.
But warm and soft.
Women who hate and fear sex are just awesome.
Black men have horsecocks, ubu.
They do.
Black men's cocks are obscenely huge.
Seven inches when completely flaccid!
Studies will tell you anything you want to hear, luisa||.
Studies just want to get you in bed.
The truth, though, is that black cocks are frighteningly huge.
In high school, black students will often bludgeon whites into submission with their penises.
One poor fellow suffered a fractured skull when struck with a black penis!
I have trouble imagining a black man inside of a woman.
Most of the black penises I've seen have been larger than most women.
I just don't understand how it would work.
I wonder, RobotSlave.
I wonder.
I suspect that black men were birthed not of women, but of the huge stone idols of the cockgod.
The exact process I have not yet worked out.
The cockgod smiles on the black man, ubu.
He'd be wrong.
The cockgod has the largest cock in existence.
His cock is so huge that we're all a part of it.
Sorry, sweetheart, but that little mouth isn't big enough!
I wonder who in this channel wants cock the most.
That strikes me as appropriate, bc.
Cunts are vile.
It's hulk hogan?
Who would've guessed.
luisa|| is a dirty cunt.
God I hate her.
She's female, bc.
He's insane.
Slavery was the most horrible thing that American ever did.
Without slavery, this country would be almost free of blacks 
huh, Vladinator is only, what, the third person to guess?
Fucked you over?
What in heaven's name are you talking about?
I'm still curious how she fucked you over.
That doesn't sound like zikzak.
A valid point, I thought, bc.
Straight people objectify women into large sex objects?
I tend to disagree.
Perhaps, Vladinator, some people honestly don't objectify others, but instead appreciate the person for who they are.
Can you not allow that possibility?
It's no crime, but you don't like the woman qua herself, you like her qua a fat woman.
To many, that's offensive.
Very well, you like her qua a fat woman with personality.
The substance of the point is unchanged.
Vladinator, of course I like a particular girl for a variety of reasons.
However, I don't like her as the aggregate of those reasons.
You're missing a subtle point here.
Right, you missed the point entirely.
That's OK, I suppose.
You're just a fatlovin', undereducated redneck, hey?
One needn't be god to judge.
Also, nobody is judging you.
You're confusing judging with simple observation.
Her actions?
What has she done?
You still haven't really told us.
Yeah, telemarketers are a pain, but what can you do?
What in blazes are you talking about, Vladinator?
Remind me, why is zikzak untrustworthy?
Because she's female?
Ah, I understand!
You mistrust females!
Enlighten me, then.
Why is she untrustworthy?
Note, claiming that she's untrustworthy because she gave your phone number to the phone boys won't work.
Oh fine, Vladinator, yes, I understand.
Tell me, though, right now, why is zikzak untrustworthy?
Let's hear it.
Vladinator, admit it, you have no reason to think zikzak gave the number to the phone boys except that she's female.
Just out and say it, man, you don't trust women.
Then tell me!
Why do you think zikzak did it?
Vladinator, every single fucking person in this universe has made negative statements about you.
Some just have the manners to make them behind your back.
Exactly, RobotSlave.
When real people get real threatening phone calls, they inform the police.
The fact that Vladinator has not informed the police is proof positive that either A he is not real, or B the threatening phone calls were not real.
Still, Vladinator, I find it interesting that you would accuse zikzak of breaching your trust when you learned she was female.
Before you found that she was a woman, you never imagined that she could've wronged yu!
Vlad, you are a womanhater.
It's plain as day.
Nobody in their right mind would try to deal with this sort of thing alone, over IRC and email, RobotSlave.
Vladinator, because you feel those women are your property.
Do you not protect your home, and your car?
Of course you do.
They are all things you own.
Damaging your posessions is a direct affront to your honor!
You were kicked, Vladinator, for being a stupid troll.
Don't abuse me in here.
I'll have you banned.
Nobody is judging you, idiot.
Your story, though, is obviously false.
You, however, are not your story.
You fucking moron.
You can't keep the simplest distinction straight.
Somehow, you've confused yourself with that idiotic tale you've been spinning.
Idiot.
bc, I'm judging the absurd tale he's been telling, not him.
I would hope you'd understand the difference.
RobotSlave, that's what any intelligent, sane person would do.
I'm sure he believes it's true, bc.
I have no doubt that he's convinced that the phone boys are real.
Vladinator, why don't you just calm down.
You're not a liar, Vladinator.
You're delusional.
There's a substantial difference.
No, but I can spot a delusional person easily enough.
Hint they firmly believe absurd falsehoods.
I think he's sincere, RobotSlave, but sorely mistaken.
Doesn't he seem sincere to you?
He's got that desperate note in his speech, though.
It's most amusing.
Imagine, someone frantic about a threat that doesn't even exist!
Vladinator, I don't really want a deluisional individual calling me, so I think I won't give you my number.
Thanks, though!
No, Vladinator, I just don't give my phone number to crazies on the Internet.
It's common sense!
See, if you had a little common sense you wouldn't be in this situation.
However, you gave your phone number to internet crazies.
Stupid, stupid Vladinator!
How stupid could you be!
Not only your own phone number, but your mother in law's!
Oh heavens.
If you really did that, you've reached an entirely new level of stupidity!
One that has up until now been unexplored by man.
Generally, Vladinator, when bad things happen to us, it's because of bad luck, not because we behaved like goddamn witless morons.
You know why that is?
Right, it's because we usually don't act like complete idiots!
Imagine that.
I'm an idiot?
You're the one who's done all the idiotic things and gotten yourself in this mess, Vladinator.
I think the empirical evidence indicates that you're an idiot.
What idiotic thing have I done thus far, really?
I don't understand why doing that is stupid, Vladinator.
Help me out.
It's mean, sure, but stupid?
Could be!
But stupid?
You called me an idiot, several times.
What idiotic thing have I done?
RobotSlave, one question.
If he is trolling, why would he pretend to do something so incredibly dumb as give out his loved one's phone number?
Don't most people lie to look better?
Ah, so he's trying to make himself look bad because most people wouldn't dream of doing that?
How clever!
Vladinator.
Help me out.
Either we're being insensitive to your lies or insensitive to your stupidity.
Is either really that bad?
Oh, because you'd make me suffer?
Yeah, that makes me want to feel for you!
You're so sensitive to suffering that you want to make other people suffer
Who's the sociopath?
No, Vladinator.
You're the one who wants to hurt.
You're the one who wants to cause suffering.
I didn't do anything to you!
I simply didn't feel compassion for you.
I abstained.
I did nothing.
You, however, want to maim me.
You're worse than the phone boys, easily.
All they did was make phone calls, you want to cause physical injuryl
You're so much worse than them, Vlad.
Tell me, Vladinator, what have I done to you?
List it out.
You want to ignore the truth?
The truth is that you are a violent monster.
You want to destroy me because of a little insensitivity.
You are beyond the pale, Vladinator.
The phone boys cannot compare to you.
I've made a few comment, Vladinator.
A few uninformed comments.
You want to destroy me.
You hideous animal.
You utterly vile and disgusting creature.
No, you want to put me in the hospital for months!
Leave me maimed forever!
Have I stollen months of your life?
Will you even remember me tomorrow?
Never talked to yourself, Vladinator?
Vladinator, admit it, you lust to cause me pain far beyond whatever petty sting I might've caused you.
You are a monster.
Frankly, I don't feel comfortable having a reprehensible creature such as Vladinator in this channel.
He's a violent, soulless animal.
He'd smash and maim me simply because I didn't believe his rather improbable tale.
Why should I believe, Vladinator?
We get so many trolls in here, you know.
So many absurd stories, just like yours.
I can't believe them all.
You act just like one.
You have a ridiculous, completely unbelievable story, just like a troll.
Remind me, why should I not think you're a troll?
I'm a waste of human flesh because I don't immediately believe every ridiculous sob story I hear.
Wake up, Vladinator!
Wake up, idiot!
Open your little fucking head!
Look at it objectively, wretch.
Try to examine the situation from every perspective, not just your own.
I hear so much utter crap in this channel.
Am I supposed to believe it all?
If not, tell me, Vladinator, why should I believe your story?
What sets it apart?
All trolls say that they aren't lying.
What sets you apart?
What makes you different?
All trolls say that.
Help me out, Vladinator!
What makes you different than all trolls?
Vladinator, you say all the things a troll says in the way a troll says them.
You really can't blame me if I can't help but think you're a troll.
Listen.
Look at it from my perspective.
I cannot feel what you feel, see what you see, or hear what you hear.
All I have are these words that you type.
These words that are just like a troll's words.
Deprive them of their life, of everything they've ever had or ever could have, all because they called a phone number they shouldn't have.
Vladinator, I hope you get caught before you hurt anyone.
I truly, honestly do.
I don't want to kill anyone, Vladinator.
Vladinator, that's the flaw in your reasoning.
You assume that since I'm not insane with murderous rage, no one must've ever wronged me.
Maybe I have been wronged, Vladinator, but chose to forgive instead of seek revenge.
Did you consider that?
Calling the police sure can't hurt.
It's still free, isn't it?
I'd like to point out that Helen Mirren, when younger, was hot.
She was in films younger than that, and oh man.
Best of all, she pranced around entirely nude, so nothing was left to my imagination which isn't very good, anyway.
Things that are more important than protecting his loved ones from these crazed lunatics.
Vladinator, that's the police's job.
Just tell them what you know.
Oddly, our justice system doesn't require that the victim provide proof of the perpetrator's guilt.
Not even in Illinois.
I thought you said they phoned.
In fact, you even called them the phone boys.
Several times.
They call themselves the phone boys because they commit computer crimes.
That's slightly confusing.
Do Nigerian spammers make phone calls?
Well, Vladinator, I'm sure it's a reasonable hour in Nigeria.
Just explain the situation.
I thought spammers sent spam, too, RobotSlave.
Apparently, though, they call at queer hours.
Makes me wonder who sends the spam.
I've not been reading much of what you've written, Vladinator, to be honest.
It's just not very interesting.
In case you missed, I said, I've not been reading much of what you've written, Vladinator, to be honest.
It's just not very interesting.
Vladinator, calling people names will get you banned.
Just settle down.
Please, no swearing, no names.
We can all be civil adults, I'm sure.
I haven't be swearing or calling people names.
Yes, all trolls claim, repeatedly even, to not be a troll.
He's not trying to be funny.
He's trying to maintain the decency of the channel.
You're claiming to be his food now?
That's completely bizarre, Vladinator.
I can't even comprehend what you mean.
So you're only like his food, you aren't actually his food.
That still makes no sense.
If he's like a cat, you must be like the cat's food, but I frankly can't make heads or tales of what that might mean.
It's like he's going to eat you?
But he won't really?
I had a girl I called mousy for a while.
She was so adorable.
Just thought I'd share.
She really was!
You wouldn't like her, though, because she weighed a mere 110 lbs.
Still, she was mighty cute!
RobotSlave is actually one of the keener minds to frequent this network.
RobotSlave can't win an argument to save his life, but he's quite smart.
So, Vladinator, you're not William Lockwood?
But that post was made by one 'William Scott Lockwo'
It looks like the name was just cut off.
I think Slashdot doesn't allow names that are too long, anyway.
But you're not 'William Scott Lockwo', even though that is your name?
I'm getting confused.
No, it doesn't prove anything.
However, it's interesting that you're evidence was posted by an account that shares a name with you.
Quite interesting, reallyl
Maybe I am easily trolled, Vladinator, and that's why I believed you at all.
So, you got me!
Oh well.
I've been trolled before.
Good show, though, Vladinator.
You really sounded quite sincere for a while there.
Umm, Vladinator, IHBT.
There.
You got me!
Let's move on?
Poor taste to keep trolling after admitting it was a troll, RobotSlave.
So, bc, is what Vladinator is claiming true?
Although it is not at all clear what exactly he is claiming
Vladinator, so your experience was so horrible that you wish it on others?
That speaks volumes about your poor character.
A truly noble person wouldn't wish his suffering on others.
I didn't mean noble in that sense, Vladinator.
I meant of noble character and principle.
I haven't wished harm on you, for certain!
See, you're not treating me equitably.
Oh come, Vladinator, you're a ridiculous person.
One wouldn't thoughtlessly rub salt in a wound.
No, I imagine it would take some consideration.
You deserve it, Vladinator.
You are a vile, vicious creature.
You lust for the blood of those who have done little more than prick your pride.
I fear the latter.
No matter how one cuts it, Vladinator, you are not an object of sympathy.
Then you deserve anything we've done to you.
And you'll yet get much worse.
Are they in a trap?
It seems you're in their trap.
I'm listening, though.
So, Vladinator, you're warning me that if I tangle with you, I'll become like you?
I truly doubt Vladinator would misunderstand Nietzsche, RobotSlave.
Vladinator, I am an agent of righteous vengeance.
In your case, you hadn't done much, so you just deserved a good roasting.
Nor can I, really.
I'm sure, Vladinator, and that judge will be ever so pleased to learn that you crashed through life burning with bloodlust.
You've done little but speak evil against me!
RobotSlave, too.
You've wished him harm repeatedly.
Is that not speaking evil?
Vladinator> I hope to god someone decided to fuck up your life like someone is trying to fuck up mine.
It's Vladinator speaking evil!
That's fine, but you actually have spoken a lot of evil.
Odds are you're going to hell, it seems to me.
You were quoting those passages at us for some reason, Vladinator.
You were judging us.
Even though it was you were speaking all that evil!
How ironic.
I didn't judge you at all, Vladinator.
Oh, your god will understand that you sinned because I sinned first?
You stupid, weak fool.
Your god would despise you, if he existed.
Well, then I'm sure he's forgiven me too.
Hooray!
What a great fellow.
Oh, so you've a free license to sin just because you ask for forgiveness now and then?
Really, Vladinator, it's quite obvious that you don't see yourself as everyone else does.
You are brutal.
RobotSlave is an atheist, a heathen.
Is it OK for you to be like him?
Is it OK for you to use a heathen as your standard of conduct?
RobotSlave is a godless sinner, Vladinator.
If he does something, does that really mean it's OK for you?
Are you really not called to higher standard?
Vladinator, I have been hurt by others immensely.
All I wished, though, was to not hurt.
That is the truth.
Vladinator, read Dostoyevsky.
Particularly the Brother's Karmazov.
Even more particularly, the chapters titled Rebellion and The Grand Inquisitor.
It's very clear you haven't.
It's about the punishment of the guilty.
There is no message.
There's just a horrible question with no answer.
I couldn't do it justice.
Really.
Are you familiar with the passage in question, RobotSlave?
RobotSlave's link is right.
It's in Book V.
Well, yes, but the two chapters more or less stand on their own.
I didn't think I was attacking 
You should've said something earlier, bc.
With luisa||.
You've been netsexing her.
Probably looking at pictures of her bum.
Please show me a picture of her bum!
I'm begging.
Well, put in a good word for me.
You know I'm an upright chap.
Come on, bc, I need this 
I apologize for my earlier outburts.
They were most inappropriate.
Ain't that the truth.
Well, just #blues
I got the blues; I got the firm, smooth, round ass blues.
I forgot to specify that I prefer, nay, demand women.
I won't be singing the Catholic priest blues any time soon.
You could holler at them, RobotSlave, but you'd probably get shot.
Unless they're ugly.
Dressing well is a waste of money.
What's the payoff?
Impressing people like luisa||?
Yeah, teenagers.
Can't live with 'em, can't live without 'em.
Somehow I knew this was all just an excuse for luisa to flirt with bc.
I generally wear blue jeans and a Linux tshirt.
If a Linux tshirt isn't timeless, I don't know what is.
I don't even know what trainers are.
Help me out.
I haven't worn sneakers since I was a child.
I mean, with battered sneakers.
Right.
Remarkable how many people don't ever play tennis in their tennis shoes.
Freaks.
My shoes are probably the best thing about my dress.
By dress I meant clothing.
My usual shoes are black, leather, and ohsovery serious.
If I kicked you in the head, you would die.
If I stomped your face, you would die.
If I stepped on your toe, you would die.
He's not a person so much as a character.
But then, girls have always liked you, since you're incredibly good looking.
Damn you, bc 
You're thinking like Vladinator now, RobotSlave.
He is a bit of puny lad.
5'6, 140lbs or something.
You're a mere 8 inches tall?
luisa could use you as a penis.
It would amuse me to see that.
We'd give you scuba gear.
You'd be OK, little buddy!
You're assuming you could bring her to orgasm.
She might just slosh you around in there for a while then give up in frustration.
What are you babbling about.
Most men are at least 7 inches.
I'm more than seven inches, actually.
Tell me I'm not a freak 
Fuck it.
I am a freak.
I haven't either, bc.
It looks more than an inch but less than a yard, though.
I'm sure I wouldn't mind if luisa were injured by vaginally inserting a tiny bc.
luisa, that's unfortunate.
People tell me I should be a 4killer.
Go figure.
I masturbate with that thing constantly.
No, it's not 
I'll thank you to not point that out.
There was once a diary about la princesa's tightness.
I can't find it, though.
What wouldn't fit over what?
And why?
You're being confusingly oblique.
The roll wouldn't fit over the knob.
I like your use of definite articles.
Only one roll, only one knob, and it wouldn't fit.
I don't know what you're talking about, though.
What knob?
I thought we were talking about cocks and tubes.
Your cock wouldn't fit over a tube?
I don't follow.
I certainly wouldn't want anything that couldn't be put through a toilet paper tube to be stuck into me.
Women really have it horrible.
They basically consent to being skewered.
They have someone else's body just rammed up into theirs!
How horrifying!
How do you put up with it, luisa||?
She's not a virgin.
She's been porked by 34 catholics.
I think em has been drinking, yes.
No, but we'd like to.
No, bc, you shouldn't.
You're not so weak as to need sleep.
To do what?
Why, em?
Is it a girl?
Will you give her an obligatory fuck?
With you're incredibly huge massive cockmonster?
Any relation to David?
Does she doubt that any proof can be provided for the intense, throbbing orgasms you give her?
But then, em finds little attractive right now.
It comes with hating everyone.
But that person does not love you.
There's the rub.
I love almost everyone.
I love everyone except girls who I wish to violate sexually.
They aren't deservng of love.
I'm sure, but they'll get none from me.
Cruelty?
I wsh cruelty on no one.
Pirate booty?
Your love treatment.
Maybe you've not been getting enough tail, em.
Let's back up a bit.
Why'd you start hating everyone?
That's only reason to be indifferent to them.
I'm all ears, bc.
Ah, so you're distraught over your failure to conceive to try.
He liked booze.
No, it's a boozemaker, I'm sure.
Still, you have five year's worth of bitter regret to think about now!
No wonder you hate us.
You did the wrong thing.
You can see it with stunning clarity now.
You're right, I have no idea.
And I won't lie to you.
Not all mistakes can be repaired.
He said we couldn't imagine it, bc.
Maybe we should take him at his word?
Everything except you, bc!
Sorry, but you really do prefer the random guessing.
You must admit that.
It's county.
shello bv!
I'm doing OK, and how are you?
Your typing seems to be suffering, though.
Cold hands?
I'm not clear on exactly what touchtyping is.
In that case, I touch type.
However, I don't do it very quickly.
I can't do that.
I almost touch type, then.
I use all 10 fingers, but I'm sure I use them incorrectly.
I was never taught how to type.
I hit 'a' with my pinky.
I appear to use my pinky for 'z', too.
I wish I had someone to type for me.
I've not seen many prostitutes, but I wouldn't want to touch the naked bodies of any I have seen.
Or maybe you're just low class.
I could perhaps tolerate a virgin prostitute.
I'm not joking.
A virgin prostitute really is all I could tolerate.
I think I have more hangups over female sexuality than Sam Sloan.
I thought that Jack the Ripper was a killer.
You're not making much sense.
What do I have in common with a killer?
I'm gentle as a lamb.
What on earth?
I do not have the same attitude toward women as Jack the Ripper.
Of course it's not true.
However, when a poor black kills a bunch of people, it's not newsworthy, because that's just what poor blacks do.
I wonder if Vlad will be back.
That's absurd.
My remote control is always on my coffee table.
always.
Well, there you go.
The only time I've ever lost mine is when I was drunk and wandered off with it.
Still, it took me no more than two minutes to find it.
It was on the kitchen counter
bc, do you ever lose your remote control?
Hello, Ethic.
I was incarcerated from 1953 until 1961.
So, you've been looking for it for years.
I guess that balances things out.
Quitter.
Won't you get in trouble if your tv is unlicensed?
Also, what UKian doesn't love Queen and Country?
I'm finding it more and more difficult to believe that Muslims really aren't the threat.
em sneers at a lot of great things.
Kids, though.
Kids are their silly XBoxes.
cept for the ones who don't.
I'm not afraid of robots.
Are you afraid of RobotSlave?
I think he's actually a robot.
On Friday, I went bar hopping in West Seattle.
There was a robot drinking in one of the bars.
Maybe he's a robot with free will.
Maybe we're all robots.
Haven't, actually.
What do you want to call a 'robot'?
How's the robot supposed to carry out its tasks if it hasn't a mind?
I imagine those robots have very small, limited minds.
Again, a very small one.
It can make decisions based on stimuli.
I don't think anything has free will.
Perhaps God does.
Oh, absolutely.
I don't see that as following.
If they haven't any free will, their will is surely not responsible for their actions, yes.
But are they?
I tend to think so.
No, responsibility just suggests causal connectivity.
You are responsible for your actions because you are the cause of your actions.
Now there is no doubt some cause antecedent to you, yes.
But the causal chain does pass through you.
If you behave poorly, it reflects badly on your makeup.
But God didn't really have a choice, either.
After all, he has to do what's good.
Else he wouldn't be God.
Seriously, though, there is likely no god and we are all organic automata.
Questions of right and wrong probably don't even make sense.
Some people are punished simply because they are, and there's really nothing more interesting to be said.
It doesn't make any difference.
Could you give your automobile assembly robot free will by hooking its logic unit to an alpha particle source such that it decided one thing if a particle were emmitted and another thing if it weren't?
It seems the answer is prettly clearly no.
I think I'm going to go get some pizza in a bit.
Yes, Ethic?
I thought you were just making a name up.
I'm tempted to go over the Ethic's kennel sometime now that's he's divulged its location.
That isn't actually my picture 
I'm not that good looking.
I'll come in and say that I'd like to drop my dog off.
Someone will point out that I have no dog, and I'll look down and around all confused, exclaim, Egads!
and run out the door.
Probably, but I'm not sure it's polite to point it out.
There's no strumpet in the carriage.
Unfortunate, really.
I'll be the judge of that.
This song is crap!
It's streaming.
It's only a 64kb/sec mp3
I've listened to half now.
I was just guessing, bc.
The quality didn't sound fantastic.
The last 1/4 is OK, after the guy shuts up.
Maybe last 1/3
I'm afraid of RobotSlave not because he's a robot, but because I think he wants to bugger me.
Not really.
I'm a little hung over.
In fact, I'm never going to touch alcohol again.
A what?
That just delays the hangover.
I have to sober up eventually.
That sounds like an excuse to drink more when one has already drunk too much!
Anyway, I'm going now.
A walk and some fresh air will fix me right up.
I'm not going to that park!
I gave up.
RobotSlave is just a stingy bastard.
bastard
Hello.
There are some of those in Seattle.
I'm lying 
The space needle has actually been scheduled to be taken down.
Why would you think that?
The Space Needle defines the Seattle skyline.
Heck, it defines Seattle.
There's nothing here except the Space Needle!
Frasier is set in Seattle, dunce.
Niles isn't a horrid bastard, though.
I don't think Niles was even mean.
Tenacity and meanness don't seem to have anything to do with each other.
Don't I know it.
Man, don't I know it.
Who was returning from Glasgow to Seattle?
Rount trip ticket
Jin has been advertizing on K5 for a while.
Not so!
Your accent and lack of understanding of American idioms would make you a smash with the ladies.
You don't buy bus tickets on a bus, though.
Well, there aren't tickets, really.
The longdistance busses have tickets, yes.
One generally buys them at the station.
No, they just have surly drivers.
Really, only poor people ride the longdistance busses.
Only poor people have the patience to put up with 30 hour bus rides.
I think it's 12 from Seattle to my home town on the bus.
I did it once.
There were people on that bus going to LA, from Seattle.
India is about 4500 miles from you.
It depends on how fast you go.
Then that's about 6 and a half hours.
I'm a mere 2500 miles from New York!
No, that's all.
No place on the planet is 21,000 miles from any other place.
Not that big.
Are you counting the part we pretend to own?
That was an awful movie.
wasn't much worse than Waterworld.
Haley Joel Osment.
Yes, quite.
Many people have trouble following a movie with an anticharismatic protaganist.
Hal is arguably 2001's only character.
Sometimes, bc, you worry us.
Which bit made you feel like you're inside the future?
I get a fourday weekend!
Oh come on.
A fourday weekend is full of potential.
I can't waste it drinking.
That was brutal.
I'm sure you were just worried about losing yet another argument, this one to a Israeli Linux fan.
Settle down, there.
The same, DorkyMarco.
I'd like to!
Yes sir 
You're right 
That was Chanserv.
I haven't touched anything since you threatened to bring down the law.
No, I'm opening my mail.
My name is county.
It's always been county and always will be county.
I think so.
However, I would like to point out that I'm not stubborn.
I'm glad we can agree on that.
Maybe RobotSlave is just difficult to get along with, bc.
I'm not the one that nobody can get along with, RobotSlave.
When have I ever not been eager to seek compromise?
I love compromise.
Even better, I love letting the other guy get his way.
That's just the way I am.
There's sirens and blaring megaphones outside.
Is it a bust!
Hmm, seems to have moved on.
I couldn't hear what was being blared.
Don't forget Reid.
He was also a fine Scotsman.
I think Ayn Rand was Scottish.
To me, it's strange that so few famous Scots have had names starting with Mc or Mac.
Do not that many Scots actually have such names, or are they just never famous?
That's an improbable sounding story.
MacArthur!
Now he was a hero.
bc, that post is filled with typos.
RobotSlave, Vladinator and I should all go out for pizza.
The tension would be wonderful.
Why not?
Oh bah.
I'm sure he's quite over our little argument.
And he likes disgustingly obese women.
Does he really, really prefer fat women, or has he just given up on doing any better?
Has he always?
Maybe his mom is fat.
Or was, if she's passed away now.
On the other hand, the girls I prefer are neither particularly like my mother nor dislike her.
He must've had some sort of experience with fatness early on.
I'd like to ask him about it.
See if he's in #giz.
If so, invite him here.
Still, he might be checking in every now and then.
Say something.
Excellent.
Why exactly does he trust you so much?
No, that can't be it.
Marco`, matters.
Various and sundry.
What are you carrying on about?
You let him down.
You threw him to the wolves!
You could've ended it at any moment.
Instead, you stood by while he spluttered with paroxysms of rage.
He really did seem quite angry.
You didn't even tell the poor guy how to ignore.
By ignoring someone?
You need to apologize to Vladinator.
Right after we finish mocking his fatfetish.
I have never seen a single fat girl I was attracted to.
Generally you prefer men?
Who was Alex?
I won't lie to you.
That's perverse!
Didn't you say you were 12?
12 is practically a man.
So you've been attracted to one girl and one guy?
Yes, you'd like to exclude poor, dear Alex.
Too late, though.
I already entered him in the permanent record.
You could always submit a request for record review, form 307b5.
Please wait 68 weeks for processing.
Who is this?
I have trouble believing you, bc.
Surely you didn't go your whole life being attracted to no one except Alex until you stumbled upon hotornot.
But you can't be bothered to contact her?
If it's school you miss, bc, just pursue a graduate degree.
RobotSlave, it sounds more like you're talking about your own situation than bc's.
I don't doubt, RobotSlave, but someone can be selfabsorbed to the extent that he sees himself even when looking at others.
Small mistake there.
You don't, certainly, but I do.
I vote against ici.
I have exceptional insight and have been granted intution far beyond that of most!
You really need to stop saying that.
No, that isn't what I said at all.
The intuition, of course, is mine.
However, the my inution perceives things outside of me.
Really, this isn't difficult.
Yes, I look whithin the souls of others.
within
I really don't wish to get dragged into a tired old discussion about how the senses can allow us to know things outside of ourselves.
My point is simply that I'm saying nothing radical.
Your apparent point of contention is welladdressed in many books, articles, and what have you.
You might be able to find some in the public library.
bc is telling stories.
My degree is in Comp Sci.
I took a single Intro to Philosophy class as a freshman.
It was boring.
He must've made a mistake.
Nobody's perfect.
bc, I really don't know what to tell you 
Ah, where the Space Needle is.
Seattle is a coastal town of sorts.
It's quite a drive to the ocean, though.
p sweetsy?
I didn't realize you were so affectionate of her.
I think I'll keep being sober.
It's fantastic!
perdida has hardly whined the last few times she's been in here.
I suppose most all women do, really.
I can't think of any who don't, but you may be right.
Some women whine attractively.
Their neediness and frailty are endearing.
Maybe that's it.
She should have problems, but not too many or substantial ones.
punds?
Smack your prostitute.
Tell her to pay more attention.
I'm on the attack in #k5!
Are you disallowed in #k5?
It's fine.
What's wrong with toy?
Everyone in #k5 likes me.
I wonder why!
I think I'd like some coke!
I haven't any.
Does whisky go in coke?
I'll try it.
It's not very good.
Right on!
I don't much like rum & coke either.
Togher.
together'
Chasing rum with coke is a much better strategy, in my opinion.
I drink the rum straight and chase it with coke when my mouth and nose start burning.
I think em just guzzles the rum straight.
em also drinks a lot of port, which kind of puts me off.
I've not had port much but I didn't like it.
It's too sweet for me.
I like cabernets and merlots, though.
The order doesn't matter much, I imagine.
coke  whisky is harder to drink than whisky on its own.
You're right, though.
It's a popular mix over here, too.
I don't understand.
Maybe I did it wrong.
I think I have about two parts coke, one of whisky.
I can't believe you did that!
You're such a bastard.
It's ok.
Some lemon in whisky might be tasty.
I was thinking of trying that.
I have better luck mixing lemon with things than I do with coke.
I always leave out the sugar.
Lemon really isn't all that sour.
Once you get used to it.
What's Sloe Gin?
All I have plain ol' gin.
Who needs blackberry, though!
That's a lot of orange juice.
Not very manly.
arrrgggg
I got tired of this stupid drink so I just gulped it all down.
Nasty.
I know!
It tastes so much worse than just plain whisky.
Maybe if the whisky were really bad the coke would help.
I think you can get famous grouse here!
Yes, you can.
It's really, really inexpensive.
whisky  gin  ice is much more palatable than the coke and whisky.
It's nice, actually
I have twice as much whisky as gin.
I mean, it's just spirits, so it tastes really highproof, but it's pretty good.
That's a hardcore cocktail, actually.
I want a woman who will drink with me.
By drink with me, I mean drink what I'm drinking.
Plenty of girls here drink, but they drink alcopops.
Either that or they're really old and crusty.
Either that or they drink lager.
The big three, yes.
There are plenty of USian ales, porters, and stouts, though.
They're just from saller breweries.
smaller
Not quite.
There are some breweries that just serve a few states, for example.
There are that many whiskies?
That is insane.
Whisky is made of grain, right?
What a shame.
People really shouldn't drink.
Especially not spirits.
Every morning at work I have to force a cup of coffee down so I can wake up.
Every evening I force a cup of spirits down so I can forget!
It's all about making myself drink things so I can get by.
How many?
Guinness isn't a bad drink, by the way.
bc, did you see that too?
Are they.
You know.
It strikes me as interesting that the two women would join at the very same moment.
cyndrekit so sweet and good, luisa| so.
well, not sweet and good.
As though Heaven and Hell had just seen fit to join our little channel.
I finished my drink.
I definitely recommend you try it.
luisa|, whisky  gin.
2 whisky  1 gin, to be exact.
What's your vodka of choice?
Grey Goose really is the best.
Grey Goose is good enough to drink on ice, if you were so inclined.
That's kind of a weird thing to do with a vodka, though.
It's French.
I'm pretty sure.
I've not found any vodka that can compare.
See if they sell it at your store.
I love my liquor store.
All those shelves just filled with bottles of liquor.
stoli?
At my liquor store, they have all those, a bunch of flavored absluts, grey goose, and some more that I can't think of the name of.
I'm not a big vodka drinker.
vodka martinis are an abomination.
I rather like martinis, though, but I leave out the vermouth.
I bet cyndrekit's martinis are half vermouth >
I've just never bothered to buy any vermouth, since the gin tastes fine by itself!
cyndrekit, Bombay is good.
Tanguery is quite good, but it's a bit much if you don't drink gin.
If you're not a gin drinker, I'd suggest Bombay.
Tanqueray is better, but it's quite a kick.
My mother hasn't touched alcohol in forever, as near I can tell.
As far as I know.
My parents never drank around me.
My father, I know, drank now and then at business dinners or what have you.
He never went out to drink, though.
In hindsight, I'm actually rather thankful.
Alcohol is fun, but sober parents are nice.
I know I'm lucky now.
I didn't growing up, of course.
My dad was a relatively hard drug user for a while, but that was long before I was born.
By the time I came around, he and my mom had entirely cleaned up.
Your dad is dead, bc.
As is your mom.
Oh, of course.
I have a heart 
If you prick me, do I not bleed?
I have paid dearly for displaying a heart.
Yes, I do have to be a cynical bastard.
It is my armor.
My defence.
defense
Against what?
Against a heartless and cruel world, luisa||, full of vampiric predators.
I guess!
Should I have another whisky and gin, downgrade to something reasonable like a beer, or quit drinking altogether for the evening?
Alrighty.
I am, but I do have to work tomorrow.
Ah fuckit.
I'm going to have a whisky and gin.
I'm telling you, that's a fine drink.
I set all my alarm clocks on the off chance I end up passing out.
A black texan.
Wouldn't that be exotic, bc?
Practically a martian from your perspective.
And she's all yours at least for a night, if you ever find yourself in Houston.
It's quite true.
luisa, bc played a mean trick on me earlier 
He convinced me to mix whisky and coke.
It was horrible.
No, it was whisky.
It was a scottich blended whisky.
scottish
Does bourbon taste better with coke?
I had trouble getting down a single whisky  coke.
It tasted horrible.
Plain whisky is 100 x easier to drink.
I prefer whisky  gin to plain whisky or gin, though.
At least to this particular whisky, but it's not a great one.
I've hated coke  any spirit.
It's just nasty.
I like coke alone, by the way.
It is a decent blend, in my admittedly limited experience.
I also have a bottle of glenmorangie, but I want to make sure I enjoy it properly when I open it.
As a spirit, it's quite smooth and palatable.
I thought your sibling drank everything.
He's an alcoholic alcopoppy?
Canadian whisky is incredibly cheap here.
Never tried it.
Black Velvet or whatever can be had for $8, I think
There's another brand which I can't recall for $7.
I hate the Japanese.
And perverted.
Hello, Vladinator.
Oh, it's quite all right.
I apologize for sending you into a rage.
Vladinator, we were actually wondering about you earlier.
Specifically, we were curious about one of your penchants.
That of larger women.
Try as we might, we couldn't understand.
Was there some formative experience that lead you to appreciate larger women?
Vladinator, we're not wishing to judge or condemen, just to understand.
If the answer turns out to merely be I like them because I like them, and there's nothing more to be said we'll accept that.
So it's a mapping of physical traits to empotional and mental ones?
Or do you appreciate large women simply because they're large?
So, Vladinator, would it be fair to say that you're weight agnostic as it were, but just prefer certain nonphysical traits that are more commonly exhibited in larger women?
I have dark hair and am slim.
luisa, we were clearly made for each other.
Your ass meets my specifications perfectly!
Pardon?
That wasn't really me 
I lied.
I've known you for twenty years, bc.
We used to play together.
Was a blonde then?
Well, children are always blonde.
My hair darkened, as did my soul.
I have a secret desire that involves Jin that I only mention when I'm drunker than I am now.
Is that picture blurry, or is it my eyes?
Or both?
Vladinator, bc is on the left, not the right.
That's really him.
i want to savagely fuck jin wicked in her cute puckered anus
wrong channel
i dont think you look like hugh grant
I have often wished I were good looking enough to put a picture online.
That is so not cyndrekit.
cyndrekit is relatively pure and good.
the girl in the link is a slut
an utter slut
I have an incredibly clean mind, in fact.
My mind is remarkable for its cleanliness.
She doesn't know better than to show tons of cleavage?
She doesn't know better than to wear such makeup?
Or shoes, for that matter?
bc, everything about the picture says I'm available for sex.
RobotSlave agreed with me.
Well, RobotSlave hates me, and he wouldn't agree with me unless something really were true.
None of them are real to me.
They're all just standins for her.
Jin, cyndrekit, whoever.
Just standins.
Stop accusing people of lying.
It's rude.
When I say, I want to violent cyndrekit, I don't really mean that.
cyndrekit is just a fillin for some other name I dare not speak.
Also, violate
It makes more sense that way.
cyndrekit, luisa, Jin.
nothing.
None of them are the real object of my wrath, my lust, my fury, my desire.
It means you should've stopped an hour ago, you stupid, drunken Scot.
Damn, these sausages are fantastic.
That seems like a bit much, bc.
These are lambpinenut sausages.
Absolutely fantastic.
I highly recommend.
seventypercent, you should try baconwrapped bacon.
It's really quite good.
luisa wrapped in bacon might be good.
However, I prefer my bacon cooked and my luisa raw.
America truly is overly Negrified.
What really happened to aq?
Did the free serving run out?
Did you decide that the joke just wasn't funny anymore and it was time to end it?
Oh stop.
I've far too close far too long to fall for that.
My boy was just like me!
Ah well, everything must be born, live, and die.
It's best to die at a reasonable time than stretch out one's lifespan to obscene lengths.
What do you pray to?
I see.
I pray to the dark.
I don't see any red writing.
No, I'm not.
Oh, I can too.
I wasn't looking on the picture.
I pray to the void between the stars.
I pray to the nothingness.
Never have I received an answer, and never will I.
But that I accept.
HailStorm, if I could grant you the ability to summon Jin to you and enchant her, what would that ability be worth to you?
Whatever.
Is that worth anything to me?
No, it isn't a joke.
I do mean it.
I am offering to sell you a hideous magic that God Himself demanded be wiped from this earth and all you can do is talk about your gluttony?
I'm sure I don't want a servant.
All you want to do is serve, anyway!
What in blazes is the matter with you?
I want revenge.
Only revenge.
I will make you a hellish, unholy juggernaut, HailStorm.
I recreate you in the image of death itself!
You will be my weapon.
You will annihilate my enemies.
You will wipe their memories from this earth, then Jin will be yours.
Your power will be like unlike any ever seen on this earth, and like none ever to be seen again!
Under your footstep, cities will crumble, and before your fist, nations will be torn asunder!
Now, I need only some time to work.
like unlike should be unlike
I tend to make mistakes when drunkenly raving about creating juggernauts to wreak my vegeance.
Go figure.
Ignore them, bc.
I can often foretell the future, but it is a dangerous, difficult thing to do.
Are you sure that you really must know?
I caution you, the discovery and uncertainty that accompanies so much of life really is indespinsable.
Do you really wish certainty, no matter what the answer may be?
I may not say yes; do you wish to know that your endeavor is doomed?
Very well, bc.
Erasgy will never be yours.
I'm sorry.
You cannot.
This tapestry has already been weaved by the fates.
I don't seek anything.
You asked, so I told.
Mortals really shouldn't seek to divine the future.
Live out your foolish life as best it seems to you!
Don't ask me to tell you how it ends.
It all ends the same, anyway.
What's the point of this sight if exercising it only earns me emnity?
He demanded to know.
I need to sleep, though.
Good night.
I'd think selling arms would be more dangerous than harvesting rubber and sugar.
I am a librarian.
I don't let anyone slide.
We're underfunded.
I don't think he's gotten any of that, actually.
The last thing I want to see when not at work is more books.
Heavens I'm tired of books.
Books are nice.
Leave it the women to provide hardhitting insights!
to the
Your television taxavoidance is a good start, bc.
Is there sales tax in the UK?
I don't know much about bears.
Staggering!
I suppose bc will just have to steal more stuff.
I'm just pointing out that stealing is a good way to avoid the sales tax.
Our sales tax is a mere 8.
Income tax depends on income.
luisa|, does Texas have no sales tax?
Washington also has no state income tax.
You'd be exotic in Scotland.
I'm sure you could find something.
Marry a citizen.
bc, you're walking right into it >
At least play hard to get.
Here's a big spikelined pit, bc.
Would you like to jump in?
Oh please, let me jump in now!
Most married people hate each other.
The rest barely tolerate each other.
Israel and Palestine.
Now there's a pair.
It's Thursday in my time zone, seventypercent.
You're days late!
He claims to be, at least.
I've never seen Vladinator beat anyone up, so I don't know.
Vlad certainly is an attractive man.
If I were a fat woman, I'd have my eye on that one.
Like you don't know.
Uh huh.
The Karate Kid is a kid skilled in karate.
I'm sure a clever guy like you could've figured that out.
Close enough.
I wouldn't be a bit grieved if every rapper in the whole world were murdered.
In fact, I wouldn't care if every single recording artist were murdered.
A genius geek.
Another genius geek.
If you give me luisa, I'll write an browsable archive for you.
Not after Vlad is through with him.
bc sold osm out.
I was there.
I don't know anything about that, but he did sell osm out.
Vlad was enraged, he was thirsty for blood.
He demanded names, and bc game him names.
One of those names was osm.
He'll sell you out, luisa.
zikzak, you're missing the point.
bc told Vladinator that osm was one of the phone boys after Vladinator expressed a strong desire to murder all the phone boys.
bc all but put a hit on osm.
He did, phillip.
I was right here and watched with horror as he did it.
I can't even imagine what Vladinator offered him.
A shot at Vlad's disgustingly obese slut of a wife, I suspect.
I don't see what this has to do with you murdering osm.
You didn't have to confirm what he already suspected.
You know what he intends to do.
You consider it right to condemn a few roguish pranksters to death?
I'll agree that trollaxor deserves to be murdered.
I can't forgive him for trollaxor.
Tell Vlad to hurry, then.
Speaking of which, the goddess visited work again today.
She's really unbearably good looking.
I don't ever want to see her again.
I wonder if there would be an explosion if cyndrekit and luisa ever touched.
You two are like matter and antimatter.
bc, you owe the state everything you have, because only through the state could you have had it.
It's quite true.
bc would be utterly helpless without the state!
You're delusional, ubu.
You might as well claim to have crafted your own body out of oatmeal and paste.
I don't think she finds you a tenth as appealing as you find her, ubu.
I'm just saying.
I dislike goddesses, generally.
The goddess who keeps coming into my work is just a source of torment.
I have enough torment in my life, thanks!
Don't need more!
No, ubu.
She's caucasian.
Oh, that's attractive, ubu.
Most every woman likes pouty men.
Whiny men, too.
She's tall and willowy.
Her features are delicate and her complexion flawless, but with character.
She's a beautiful smile.
That's about all I know.
phillip, I don't think the state purchases much porn.
Just a thought.
luisa|, as much fun as making a fool of myself is, I try not to go out of my way to do it.
I'd laugh, luisa.
I wouldn't take the money, but I might go on the date.
It depends on the person.
luisa only bangs Catholics.
34 thus far.
Yes, 34.
No, it's not very man at all.
Assume she's been at it since she was 15 and 34 really isn't that many.
It was an assumption.
For fuck's sake, don't you know anything about argument?
Well, she wasn't comfortable at the time either, ubu, so it stands to reason.
I hope this isn't about to turn into a conversation about technical virginity.
I would just be way too aroused if luisa turned out to be a technical virgin.
luisa, one who's taken it only anally.
You did ask.
Tit fucking too, but luisa is unfortunately not able to participate in that.
Speaking of whisky, bc, through the day, I occassionally had a bad taste recollected in my mouth.
I'm sure you can guess what it was >
It's really too late for all that, bc.
She's eaten the apple, so to speak.
I can't imagine you being devoted to anyone except yourself.
Samesex marriages are beginning to become more accepted, though, so who knows, maybe sameperson marriages will be next.
What's irritating is bc and luisa's constant flirting.
You're too busy flirting with cyndrekit to notice, ubu.
The hell I do.
I want this flirting to stop.
I don't want the goddess.
I want to never have to see her again.
It's not true.
That's horrible, too.
Her mouth is far too perfect to be degraded so.
That right there, flirting.
I wish RobotSlave were here.
He's my kindred spirit.
I've never really liked you either, zikzak.
I'm not sure why.
Watch it, that sounded like commiseration.
Don't worry about it.
I should do something about dinner.
Something easy.
That sounds easy.
Did you cook the potatos?
Well, now we're getting difficult.
That's pretty bad for a guy.
I'm at 7.
3 right now.
I don't want to be matched with someone, though.
Fair enough.
Is match.
com free?
I'd like to meet Mandy, actually.
Someone on hotornot.
I thought that would be obvious.
Your links don't work.
Something about an expired cookie.
I don't have Mandy's URL, so I guess I won't be meeting her.
Oh well.
You don't want her, bc.
Damn straight.
She does.
But we're kind of going in circles here.
whisky is evil.
I'll never touch it again.
I'm not going to vote for it and if someone asks me to again, I may vote against it.
I'm kind of tired too.
It's too early to go to bed, though.
I'll just toss and turn.
perdida, I will.
I'll have a delicious whisky & coke.
God no.
bc made me drink one yesterday.
It was horrible.
I've still not forgiven him.
I'm 7.
Take that.
I'm one fifth of a point hotter than phillip.
geeze.
Thanks.
bc, don't make me come over there.
I'll tell Vlad that you're a phone boy.
God damn it!
First you trick me into drinking vile slop and now this.
I hate you.
I really, really hate you.
It's frustrating that no one is asking to see me even though I'm one fifth of a point hotter than phillip here.
You're on ignore, bc.
Hello ladies!
And made a considerable number of excuses since then, too.
You look like her first Catholic.
I am also going to start exercising, once I purchase appropriate clothing.
Maybe if I gave up drinking I wouldn't have to exercise.
That's revolting.
But it so obviously is dirty.
I wonder why I don't believe you.
The only bad habits I've managed to quit are the one's which quit me 
It's the same, phillip.
Everyone starts out a virgin.
I am likewise a virgin.
I despoiled no one, ubu.
Oh, do tell.
I seem to have forgotten.
Maybe hearing them will cheer me up.
That's absurd.
If I had, which I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have told you.
I don't even know.
I never kissed her at all!
OK, you're also on ignore, ubu.
I'm inclined to ignore everyone except cyndrekit.
She wouldn't say anything like that.
What in blazes are you yammering on about?
You deserve to be rich.
I do too.
I've $70 to my name.
If one's a virgin at 33, one will always be a virgin.
If one's a virgin at 20, one will always be one.
The age by which one must have sex if one is to have sex at all is getting lower all the time.
Soon, thirteen year olds will demand experienced partners.
Have a drink, maybe.
All of it?
I have more booze than I could possibly drink in three days.
Why do you have it, then?
I keep buying a bottle of this or that just because I want a little.
I'll end up drinking it all eventually.
I don't particularly like white wine.
Do you know what I just discovered?
The washinton state liquor board has all their store's inventories online.
Isn't that incredibly convenient?
No, but it will tell you what store near you has what you want.
Even how many bottles they have!
77 is my store.
I thought I saw some at my store, though.
I don't know Bruce.
Maybe I do.
There's an older guy who's always there.
If that's Bruce, he is nice.
12 bottles of what?
They didn't have the rum I wanted, so I got angry and smashed thing.
So are girls.
But what can you do?
Nothing tastes good with coke.
No it isn't.
Also, only gross rums are sweet and thick.
Oh man, that was so bad.
Try it sometimes.
sometime
Be a man.
You know you're curious.
Be a man.
1903 <bc> NO'
Be a man.
bc> NO'
I've never had anything mixed with coke that I enjoyed.
I like coke just fine, yes.
Ice in coke is OK.
But it's cool.
After I finished smashing things, I bought some vodka.
Now I can have screwdrivers!
And you can't, bc.
I have my own special way of making screwdrivers.
I actually don't use orange juice.
I replace the orange juice with vodka.
I don't.
It stays vodka.
Go buy some gin and whisky.
I'm telling you, it's really good.
Chapped my lips like hell, though >
Whyever not?
Come on, doesn't it sound good?
Well, it is.
I'd make one right now, but it would render me incapable of making dinner.
He always drinks his backup as soon as he buys it.
I'm doing quite well.
I have enough booze to kill myself several times over.
I didn't even feel the need to drink any yesterday!
My selfcontrol is improving.
No kidding.
Only cyndrekit is clean and whole.
I wish I had someone to beat when I was drunk.
me0w is especially disgusting.
So is luisa.
They're both more disgusting than the other.
It's impossible to say.
They're different, for sure, but both incredibly depraved.
Exactly.
I'm going to make myself some more of those lamb sausages.
Hot damn those are tasty.
I'm rolling up my sleeves now.
Go for it.
After I finish that, I'll have to dick around for a while.
Maybe play another song.
I'll be here for a good hour.
How so?
Yes, you found many.
Yes it is.
Your island is full of sluts!
That girl who caught your eyes today?
Remember her?
She's had 23 different penises in her mouth.
That's right.
It's true.
There's this adorably cute girl who takes my bus and works where I do.
She doesn't work in my department, though, so I don't ever see her 'cept on the bus.
Oh no.
She's clearly had none.
She has the aura.
I think my sausages are near done.
almost.
I want to put things on the top shelf for her.
It's quite true.
I had that thought when I saw her in the bus today.
She's so very cute and small.
Well, there's no worry there.
She'd never have me.
She's so cute and little.
I imagine she looks for a cute little guy to match her.
Go on.
Why would I do that?
You get quite enough girls, I'm sure.
She has the funniest laugh, too.
That's quite enough!
No, she laughed as she talked to someone else.
The bus line I take home starts at my place of employment.
So everyone on the first leg works where I do, more or less.
She was talking to a coworker.
A young woman.
In your way?
If either of us has her, it will be me.
I very much doubt it.
She has golden blonde hair which she wears in crisp curls to about her shoulders.
Did I foreswear girls?
As many times as I've foresworn alcohol?
I am weak.
I have a weakness for alcohol and small, cute girls.
Oh heavens how I love small, cute girls.
Oddly, the hideous beautiful woman who stops by now and again to torment me is neither small nor cute.
hideously
Well, no.
Not really.
However, seeing her is torment.
She is too beautiful.
It's wrong.
Something horribly wrong was done, and she was the result.
I talk to her sister fairly often.
Her sister is employed in the same division I am.
Her sister is quite attractive, but nothing spectacular.
Married, too.
perdida's story made the front page.
Phillip's advice is sound, in that diary.
Remember, when I woman says I love you, she means you're the best thing I have going right now.
I'm only trying to protect you 
Do they air MASH over there?
Oh, it was a movie first, then a tv show.
The movie was about Vietnam.
Although it was set in Korea.
Anyway, the theme song was Suicide is Painless.
This brings me roundabout to my point.
There are worse things I could be pushing you toward!
Hawkeye is one of the fictional characters I most respect.
He's the antihero of MASH
He's selfreliant, clever, cutting, and utterly closed.
Charismatic, too.
He's sensible enough to realize that he's been thrown into a chaotic situation far larger than he is, but he has the selfrespect and courage to play it on his own terms nonetheless.
He also drinks too much.
You'd like to be like Hawkeye!
Oh OK.
I saw ERASGY today.
It was strange.
I'm sure it wasn't her, but it sure reminded me of her.
That same distant, selfassured halfsmile.
That's what struck me.
She was wrapped in a large black wollen coat, just breezily walking down the side walk.
Floating, almost.
I felt like shouting, ERASGY!
But didn't.
You'd greet her, warmly but politely.
You'd put your arm around her, and walk down the lane to the pub, sit by the fireplace, have a few and catch up.
You don't think she'd recognize you too?
Remember, her picture on hotornot struck you not because of it's inherent beauty but because you recognized her.
No, you recognized her.
You knew her once, then death and time tore you assunder.
I don't see it, at all, which makes perfect sense.
Who knows under what circumstances you first met!
Perhaps you were a murderous Hun who took pity on a poor Germanic girl, the only survivor of a village you had slaughtered.
Hey, I'm drunk.
Give me some credit.
Lonesome Cowboy Burt?
Oh, right, Scott Lockwood.
So Vladinator's battle is over?
He's lost?
Maybe he plans on making a new account.
How would they know?
Yeah, well, he could make an account called Booger breath and nobody would ever know, so long as he didn't say anything obvious Vladinatorish.
Maybe Vlad is being crafty and has a plan.
Maybe he has a plot to put the phone boys away for good.
Watch out, phone boys, your gooses are cooked!
Speaking of gooses, you must find Grey Goose vodka.
That's what I got, and it's just a million time better than every other vodka.
bc, you wouldn't try to get Vladinator in trouble, would you?
He's just trying to care for his motherinlaw.
I've always quite liked Vladinator.
Oh, I have.
I just rib him now and then.
It's all in good fun.
It wasn't 6 hours, and he was just ribbing back.
Vladinator and I are pals.
ubu, you're a worthless, rotten pigcunt and I'll thank you never to address me again.
I tell the truth often enough.
Just shut the fuck up, bitch.
Save your breath.
Fuck off, we never were friends and never will be.
Oh, I'm glad it's funny to you.
Really.
Whatever.
You're more a woman than any actual woman ever could be, ubu.
It's obvious now.
Shut up!
Thank whatever geek made this blasted thing I can forcer your disappearance when you haven't the good grace to affect it yourself.
I should've done that earlier.
bc, were there really any phone boys?
Do you even know?
How bizarre.
It has crossed my mind that some Internet freak would take things outside the Internet, but actually having it happen to someone is kind of creepy.
Believe whatever you like, bc.
It concerns me not at all.
Be a man.
bc> NO'
Looking like a map would be cooler.
Do maps confuse you?
Be a man.
bc> NO'
Be a man.
bc> NO'
Hello, bc.
I can't complain.
I'm arguing with myself whether I should do something productive, though.
Why not?
And what should I do, then?
I'm not sure I could.
I may lack some critical sandwichmaking materials.
I've not any filth!
Why would I want to?
I prefer relative cleanliness.
Relative to the world at large!
No, not really.
Human filth.
Absolutely.
Often 
No I don't.
I haven't any idea 
No he isn't.
I've seen pictures of him.
Also, I don't talk to him.
Certainly not every day.
Oh, OK.
Still, I seldom talk to him.
You're full of lies.
How unusual for you.
Seriously, this channel doesn't have any blacks.
It's a cracker club.
Who's Mary?
You rubbed your groin on the Pieta?
You must be black >
That's such a black thing to do.
Hmm, a wonderous, sacred object if incredible beauty.
I'd better rub my foul, black horsecock on it.
I made myself some hot chocolate.
It doesn't remind me of blacks.
Umm, this is just a cup of warm liquid.
No, it's just tasty.
Have I ever expressed lust for a black?
I think not.
Even if I did, which I'm sure I don't, I don't see that as an expression of lust.
I don't know 
Curiosity, perhaps?
Maybe for you.
I'm sure you all sorts of experience licking nipples!
With your rakish good looks, how could you not?
I'm sure you have.
Also, us normal people say, I didn't understand your second to last sentence.
Never once?
I imagine you'd be above all that.
Is it just something you don't find appealing?
How strange.
I find that repugnant.
I somehow doubt it!
You wouldn't believe what wrath has done, if I told you.
Still, it wouldn't be right for me to tell you.
When it comes down to it, everything is just assumptions.
Not you too.
There's a difference between solipsism and radical skepticism.
Right.
There is no knowledge!
You can only assume that there's a self.
I'm not comfortable saying that I exist at any instant in time.
Maybe I'm just a fleeting thought in the mind of God.
mp, we have some issues we need to work out.
You and I do.
Very well.
I'm thinking about making pancakes.
Sulla, you should invest some of your millions in a better ISP.
You're in Scotland.
There should be IRC drinking games.
Whyever not?
You like drinking, though!
Why the hell wouldn't the other person?
Man, the chance to get liquored up!
What I wouldn't give.
An informal #aq poll  Which activity is more abhorrent, licking a girl's nipples or masturbating on her face with your friends?
bc and I disagree on this matter.
Actually, my position was that nipplelicking was far preferable.
I've never tried either.
Cunnilingus truly is repulsive, though.
That's why I was so offended when accused of kissing a girl's nono.
No, bc, no painful memories there.
I put in 168 hour weeks, always 
I am chastised.
I do the same thing 
Thank you.
Should I make pancakes, have some liquid refreshment, both, or neither?
Have a drink, bc, to warm yourself.
Hardly.
Alcohol kills germs.
I'd never thought I'd hear you come up with all these reasons not to drink.
You should take your vitamins, then you wouldn't get sick.
And you don't wish to go out feeling ill.
I have an absurd amount of booze.
I don't drink a whole bottle before buying another bottle of a different type.
You should try that.
Not quite what I said.
Sort of, though.
Uh, I still have part of a bottle of gin that I bought three weeks ago.
See, don't drink it so quickly.
I've tried both, and I must say that drinking it all at once sucks.
What sort of liquid refreshment goes with pancakes?
I can do that.
And you're right.
Good idea!
The fact that you can't get grey goose is amusing.
See, you're drinking profoundly inferior vodka and don't even know it.
No, it's dry.
Crisp.
You're just angry because you can't have it.
Oh hush.
It's fantastic, ask anyone.
At least I'm not extolling the virtue of French whisky.
Is there French whisky?
There's Canadian and American whiskey, but I'm not sure where else makes anything along those lines.
Canadian whiskey generally costs less than $10/bottle.
Often less than $8.
The intinernat gentlemen seem to enjoy it, Captain_Tenille.
itinerant
I think it's somewhat pretentious for a liquor to have a cork for a cap.
It makes sense that the French would do it.
Still, it's good vodka.
Well, goodness and beauty have left the channel.
Why does she see fit to frequent our site?
Or channel, I mean.
By the way, screwdrivers are excellent with pancakes.
There's something very metaphoric about the women in this channel.
cyndrekit is goodness, clearly.
me0w is sexual depravity, and luisa is emotional and mental decadence.
More generally, me0w represents succumbing to the lusts of the flesh and luisa represents succumbing to the lusts of the mind.
Both can include sexual lusts, but of different sorts.
perdida is the profligacy of emotion.
Our three women, flesh, mind, and feeling.
All evil.
Against them stand cyndrekit.
stands
An epic struggle indeed.
Who is the most evil?
I don't see any way to find out, either, bc.
The survivor of the coming battle and its fallout won't necessarily be the most evil, just the strongest, luckiest, or most clever.
Who tempts us all equally?
What even tempts Captain_Tenille?
Booze doesn't tempt me.
Alcohol owns me.
Thus far, alcohol has asked little of nothing, but should she, I would be powerless to say no.
Holy fuck!
This rum.
It's at least twice as good as any rum I've had before.
Ron Anejo Aneversario or some such spanish shit.
It's fantastic on ice, though.
It's drier on the pallet, but has a deliciously rich caramel aftertaste.
I doubt you can buy it locally.
Your store seems to lack all the good stuff.
Well, that makes sense 
That makes less sense.
We have at least that many gins.
I thought gin was a very UKian spirit.
There are too many wines.
but you can get tanqueray?
That and bombay sapphire are the only ones worth drinking, really.
Hmm, never had hendricks.
We have Seagram's, Beefeater, Gordon's and what not, but they're just not worth the bother.
Really, if you want something powerful, get tanq, if you want something smooth and gentle, get sapphire.
If you're too poor to afford either, get a job.
I pity poor people.
Last time I was in the store some scruffy looking guy was buing a $6 bottle of some crap.
Poor bastard.
Bombay Sapphire is 47%, and it's not that much.
Captain_Tenille, Belltown.
What's wrong with Belltown?
What's wrong with Pioneer Square, for that matter?
Other than the roving gangs of thugs at night.
Holy crap, Pioneer Square has so many homeless people late at night.
It's scary.
How so?
Share what with him?
They're generally not aggressive up here, in my experience.
They'll ask for stuff sometimes, but they take no.
Yeah, I've never experienced that here.
They always back off on no around here, as far as I've seen.
I'm not downtown a lot, and I get hit up occassionally, but it's almost always politely and when I decline they let it go.
It's all sir and stuff up here.
That or a gun.
I don't think shooting homeless people is a crime in Seattle.
I have no doubt that someday I'll find myself black and homeless.
As punishment for what I've said in this channel.
I'm half way there, Captain_Tenille.
I have a bit o' Indian in my blood.
Hardly any, though.
I do not.
I don't look Indian, nor do I feel Indian.
However, I might drink like one.
In fact, a whisky & gin sounds good right now, despite bc's skepticism.
cyndrekit!
cyndrekit, I'm curious about your strategy.
It's three against one, after all.
Do you have any tricks up your sleeve that you could share?
Yeah, probably a good idea to keep your cards hidden for now.
1,000 lashes?
Isn't that certain death?
That's awful!
I'm glad that those who handed down the sentence are now burning in hell.
It's no justice at all.
Death, because he robbed some fat, rich shopkeeper!
I am in a fell mood >
bc, i want her more than i want air
I've had too much booze, and still I'm in torment.
You'd trade six hours for a bottle of gin!
Dont you make enough money in an hour to buy several bottles of gin?
sorry 
im in torment
i can't be blamed
i would give up booze forever for one day with her!
if i were told that i could have one more day with her but that i must die at the end of it, i'd demand it.
but i would die thinking i got the better of the deal
well you don't know what's being offered
but you don't know what you've got 'til it's gone
It's warm in here.
Not too warm, though.
My feet are numb.
I emailed help@k5 a few days ago
They're ignoring me.
oh stuff
I think the woman from Mad About You is hot.
i don't know her name
and cant be arsed to figure it out
i don't know me0w
yeah, ok
That's her.
she looks better in just everyday clothes though
ill kill you me0w
i dunno
it doesnt matter
i am not
i love women
i dont tell them all that
i think ive only ever told me0w that
ive never told that to cyndrekit
nor cow
or jin
or perdida
or luisa
ive told none of them that id kill htem
you are weaving your lies
typical really
not so
youre just spinning lies and more lies
I love them all
i love you me0w
you misunderstood
i didnt say i wanted to kill you
i said i would
i will kill you all as a point of fact
ive spoken to you about this before bc
i will destroy every living theing on this planet
and it will be the better choice
it is my duty to kill you all to save you from a far worse horror
bc you have not been forced to weigh the options
each choice is repugnent
each possibility is leaden with grotesque horror
Chew a sprig of rosemary
its enjoyable
fresh rosemary and garlic
mix with butter
a fine topping for potatos
then pound in a morter and pestle with a bit of salt
you could just ask county
and zuul
That's not me.
im innocent and naive, cast beneath this cruel world's steel wheels.
luisa is a tart
a tasty tart
oh man i want that tart
i have a weakness
for women
i hate them because i want them
i love women, really
i just love everything womanish about them
Speak of the devil.
We've been talking about you a fair bit, luisa.
hush up, bc.
No, I'm not.
Note my stillcapable grammar and punctuation.
It's luisa who's spelling saying with a 'k'.
Either she's drunk or a damn Russian communist.
I spent maybe 45 seconds talking about that.
It's really pretty obvious, luisa, and if you can't see it and I know you can, maybe you aren't.
what luisa needs is daily spankings
She should want bc to be content.
I really like the taste of butter.
get ready for what?
I think she's probably too tired for carousing, then.
Why don't you sleep?
Oh, don't worry about it.
Everyone says nonsense when they're drunk.
For example, I sometimes talk about licking horseradish off your nipples when I'm drunk!
Really, imagine that.
I suspect you like it.
So I shan't.
She really does.
Nonsense.
Insecure?
Maybe.
I don't even know what that means.
I doubt anyone in here is pansyass.
Work it, girl.
The prime hours are slipping by.
A fifteen minute quickie is just awkward.
Too long for a quickie, but not long enough for a proper fuck.
A proper quickie shouldn't last more than ten minutes.
If it does, it's because the man is impotent.
If you don't know, luisa, I'm not about to tell you.
You should remain innocent as long as possible.
You incorrectly think a great many things, luisa.
Maybe that's one of them.
qpt isn't fucking here, bitch.
Yeah, sorry.
I've been telling her that forever.
More impressively, they make money now.
Or did for a while.
Plainvanilla sarcasm.
You're not going to win with that, luisa|.
mp, don't leave out the bit about nipplelicking.
It's central to my platform.
That's absolutely as important as you shutting the fuck up, luisa|.
I simply can't negotiate about those two items.
Both are imperative.
Hey there, sport, you misspelled 'bc' in the topic.
I have a porkchop and potatos.
I haven't thought through the details yet.
If it's important, I can tell you within 48 hours.
Heavens no.
Mango chutney goes only with white meat.
tabasco is too liquid.
Horseradish really is ideal.
Again, mayonnaise is best with lighter meats.
Dark meat has stronger taste and requires a more robust condiment.
For a man who's never licked a nipple, you seem quite sure that they all taste the same.
Irrational rationalism.
Ironic, but not unheard of.
I imagine luisa|'s nipplies have a rich, slightly bitter pallet and extended aftertaste of walnuts and burnt oak.
nipples, also, but that was probably obvious.
When tasting luisa|'s nippled, the nose is perhaps the most enigmatic aroma of them all delicate yet assertive, sweeet yet dry, young yet oaky.
The palate suggests flaky oakiness with a complex toastiness to the barley suggesting the lightest hint of smoke.
Not you, your nipples.
Well, perhaps, but that's mostly irrelevant.
I was only planning on licking, but you raise an intriguing possibility.
I'll have to think about that.
Umm, no.
They are dark brown.
As a matter of fact, that is what I think.
I'd prefer to not think about your nipples, thanks.
Actually, I haven't.
I just keep my mind on luisa's perfect nipples.
I don't have any wish to tie me0w up.
luisa|'s nipples, though, stick up just perfectly when he hands are tied above her head, so I'm afraid I'll have to.
It's hard to not let someone near stuff, bc
What's a posture bar?
What sort of thing?
What's a spreader bar?
I want to know what a spreader bar is.
I see two bars in that picture.
Which one is the spreader bar?
I don't really see how a spreader bar is going to help at all.
I'm entirely unconcerend with luisa's lower body, and I don't want her arms spread.
No, they wouldn't.
More importantly, why exactly did you know what a posture bar was?
Somebody.
I think posture bars play a significant part in your fantasies, bc.
But that's just a suspicion.
A big, loud, hollow fake laugh.
Nobody is convinced.
I'm sure it was funny, to us.
I hope that you at least fantasize about women in posture bars, bc, not men, like in the picture you showed us.
uh huh.
More likely it was the first link your bookmarks!
I'm not interested in clicking any more of your links.
I don't think I'm a sicko.
Honestly?
I dream of holding a girl's hand and staring into her eyes too.
But they seem the only thoughts appropriate for luisa!
I burnt my throat.
luisa, let me be honest with you, OK?
cyndrekit, you come and go, but you're always above all the chaos and strife of the channel.
luisa|?
I was waiting for her to confirm.
I forget what honesty I was going to share with her.
It doesn't matter.
Let me say this.
luisa|, I often dislike you.
But that's neither here nor there.
I love you, luisa|, I love you as much as it is reasonable to love someone over IRC, and much, much more.
If that makes me idiotic, OK.
I'm an idiot.
I don't care.
This is all straight from the heart to the screen.
I want you, luisa|, I love you.
You're everything I've ever wanted and I won't settle for less.
Are you?
I'm not discouraged.
Fate cannot be dissuaded, and you are fated to be mine.
I can feel it.
Have a marvelous shower!
luisa showering.
A terrible temptation, surely.
I imagine her nipples are firmly erect when she showers.
Imagine her erect wet nipples, bc.
Imagine her washing those small but pert breasts.
eh, OK.
hohohoho!
I feel bad, bc.
I think you infected me 
You failed with me0w already?
I don't think you gave it a proper effort.
Six months?
Why have I not noticed this?
Anyway, a man who can't get sex out of me0w after six months of trying has no business being heterosexual.
That could be it, bc.
On second thought, bc, perhaps we shouldn't be encouraging ubu to trade his pride for sex.
Haven't we always preached that the preservation of pride is paramount?
The pride that a gay bitch feels does not deserve to be called such.
One can't just decide to be gay, though.
They've been telling us that for years.
RobotSlave wants to be gay too.
Right, ubu, and you're wanting to be a bitch.
It sounds like a great match.
bc, don't be trolled!
I'm sure.
Still, he's being trolled.
Why is there so much hatred directed at McDonald's?
I do too.
I don't eat there often, and I don't want to.
However, I'm glad they're around for when I do want some of their food.
I've managed to avoid going to the Olive Garden.
I just had a feeling about it.
Really?
I've only had gatrointestinal troubles with Taco Bell food.
The food is awful, no doubt, but I love it.
Try it, me0w.
Yes, many.
That's not even true.
I'm not sure why ubu has so much trouble.
Maybe poopsex isn't the best idea for you, ubu.
I think you need to just take it easy down there.
Bananas have a phallic shape, too.
Ideal.
I don't especially like the taste.
I hesitate to ask, but do you actually know that you enjoy gaysex, or are you just assuming you will?
This is going to turn into a fiasco.
Anytime someone justifies becoming gay on the grounds that even though they don't like gaysex much, they're sure they won't have to do it much  it turns ugly.
But fundamental to it is the gaysex.
Gay sex is what seperates gays from nongays.
What are you talking about?
If I wanted gay sex, I'd go get some!
I have to be born that way to enjoy it, not to engage in it.
Really.
You don't know the first thing about being gay!
You think it's all shopping and sequins.
Then dress in sequins, shop, and keep trying to lay me0w.
He claims to be educated, too, ubu.
You were probably planning on answering all the questions Hayeck, weren't you?
I was using his spelling, ubu.
Hayek was much more moderate than a lot of contemporary people who call themselves libertarians.
I quite like him, actually.
Men become libertarians for the duration of their university education while women become lesbians.
That says something, I'm sure.
I did, ubu!
Exactly.
My libertarian moment lasted about a week.
Libertarianism has something to do with hating order.
I know that much.
Maybe he meant, Libertarians, and libertarianism is astonishingly rare here.
Libertarians is a complete sentence, with an implied predicate of are and an implied object of poopyheads.
I think most libertarians just want to have sex with children, do drugs, or what not, but realize that championing those causes on their own is unlikely to be successful, so instead they band together to promote liberty.
Of course, liberty is just permission to do all sorts of sick, wrong things.
Right.
Let's see, you're a drug addict, you want to be gay, and you like women with no breasts.
Can I blame the government for my own shameful predilection for breastless women?
Nipples, bc.
Most breastless women have nipples.
They're so small.
She's practically breastless.
me0w, I don't like artificially breastless women.
bc, they are tiny!
I've seen pictures of her.
She's virtually flat chested.
Laying on her back, she'd be perfectly flatchested.
Ideal.
bc, just admit that you like breastless women too.
Gigantic megabreasts amuse me.
It really is.
I mean, not that I've done it, of course.
Yes, ubu, you're disgusting bc and arousing me0w.
Among other things.
That strikes me as just the sort of thing me0w would find appealing.
I can't imagine why.
Is that true, bc?
I'm glad I'm not mutilated!
I think she's coming around, ubu.
me0w is most interested in girth, I imagine.
Listen up, next person who comments on sensation is going to get punished.
ubu, bc's endless prattling about sensation wore thin.
Women have no business having orgasms anyway.
Getting a woman to orgasm requires ridiculously large amounts of degrading work on the part of her partner.
Women are just rude.
Want a man to orgasm?
Just lay there, really.
me0w, not that the man wouldn't enjoy a little responsiveness on the part of a woman, but women are just too selfish.
They demand hours of labor so they can orgasm, but they then refuse to do anything but lay there.
Unbeliavably selfish.
I may have exaggerated, but my point stands.
Women are selfish.
Women demand effort, skill, and patience yet give none back.
It's not just about sex, either.
Women are just lazy in general.
See, the only reason it's necessary to pursue Christian virgins is because all other women are disgusting, depraved sluts.
Moreoever, having too much sex decreases a woman's already limited ability to experience profound, meaningful emotions.
Such as affection or loyalty.
Sulla, many men are enthusiastic about sex but not depraved sluts.
Hardly.
ubu and I are enthusiastic about sex yet we have sex with hardly anyone.
I do, though.
I am a pure, involate virgin, though.
I think I'm entitled to ask for one.
Really?
Of the women in this channel, no less than 100% of them are real sluts.
Empirical data, bc.
Yeah, OK, bc.
the cat's meow, surely.
ubu doesn't either, but that doesn't slow him down.
Who's he jealous of?
Oh, that must be rough for him.
Good for you!
I'm at peace with who I am and with my destiny.
It took some struggling, but I've come to accept and appreciate it.
Still waking up in sweating torment?
I don't do that now.
Never did.
I doubt it.
I'm more resiliant than you, ubu.
resilient
I'm not in grief.
It's been over a month, for crying out loud.
You misunderstood.
One month is the upper limit to be upset about anything.
Beyond that is just excess.
ubu, no.
Yes, as had been the plan all along.
No, ubu.
You probably didn't pay close attention.
I stayed with her for a few weeks, but never intended to stay with her in the long term.
I agree, bc, and I believe I have.
One month of grieving is appropriate for the loss of a loved one, or the death of a family member, or getting fired from the perfect job, whatever.
Continuing after that is just decadence.
In my apartment, ubu.
ubu, I'm thinking there was more than love between you and Monica.
I'm sure, me0w.
And that was eleven months of decadence on your part.
I'm subhuman because I'm not a slave to destructive emotions?
That's an interesting perspective.
ubu, unfair.
When she left me, it hurt.
I was really quite tore up.
You know what, though?
I got better.
Which part?
It could've been anyone who left me?
Unlikely.
She was the only one with me.
You're talking nonsense.
She was the only one in a position to leave me!
I have no idea what you mean.
You're telling me that it could've been anyone who left me when as a point of fact, she's the only one who could've.
So the only appropriate response is to grieve forever?
Then I have no desire to be appropriate.
I'm heartless and shallow.
At least I'm not a crybaby.
Crybaby.
No, her reasons for leaving me were sound, and I respect them.
Oh, the drinking problem isn't progressing as well as I'd like.
I find that I can go days and days without wanting a drink.
I find that disturbing.
I've really hit a wall in my alcoholism.
I can drink exessively when I set myself to it, but I have no trouble going dry.
I'd prefer to be entirely dependent on alcohol, like bc is.
I was always lectured, though, that if I drank it would enslave me!
Yet another empty promise 
I limit my drinking to the weekends, since I don't like being hungover at work.
I think everyone here already knows what makes me angry >
I'm not enraged by everything.
How will we get there?
Moving to other planets is impossible.
It will never happen.
I think you're both crackpots.
No, we must fight the supermen.
Even though they have superior intelligence and physical characteristics, we will beat them with moxy and luck.
I wonder if I'm near a Taco Bell.
If he's so superior, why does he end up losing?
He's an only child.
Doesn't play by the rules well, as a result.
There are no Taco Bells anywhere near me!
You deleted your modified class file and recompiled the old one, bc.
It's obvious.
Maybe you should just give up.
If you're having trouble with something this pathetically easy, programming just isn't for you.
OK, I've decided.
I'm going to go to Taco Bell!
The closest Taco Bell will take me three hours to get to, but I don't care.
That wasn't kind.
How the hell am I supposed to do that?
That could work.
I can't eat a whole pizza.
I think this channel needs a less accurate topic.
I was just kidding.
It's not at all accurate.
I can't recall the last time I hear a pansyass man bitch at a woman in here.
We were talking about Taco Bell 20 minutes ago.
Nobody was bitching at me0w.
I was chastizing her, not bitching.
There's a difference.
Well, if you call everything bitching, then yes, of course, we bitch a lot.
I'm starting to think that you may not be very good at all.
The Windows Free Zone banner makes me want to punch the owner.
Why are there so many computers stuffed into that room?
I wouldn't understand hobbies, having the heart and mind of a robot.
Pity I wasn't granted the body of a robot.
Marvin was a Martian, not a robot.
It's not charasmi that gets you so much tail, bc, it's the endless sucking up.
charisma
If you had any selfrespect at all, you'd never admit that a woman was correct.
Work angles?
I'm a robot.
I do the math.
You're always working an angle, too.
The tail angle.
You're a little computational machine.
You compute what words will get you the most tail, then you say them.
cyndrekit accused you of chasing sheep.
It was.
Or good luck.
It's still too early to say.
I really don't think we need to start talking about causal linkage.
You always do that, em.
You pop in and make the conversation all technical.
I'm going to go get food now.
Also, I'll be back later to express my undying lust for you, luisa||, so stick around.
bc, you're going to carry that weight, carry that weight a long time.
Oh yeah, all right.
Are you going to be in my dreams tonight?
Maybe you should become Canadian.
I visited a fine little pizzaria for lunch.
I ordered two slices of pepperoni pizza and a coke.
What if bc could find a Canadian who wished to be a UKian?
Couldn't they just trade places?
I think me0w would like to be a UKian, in fact.
Marry luisa.
You already 0wn her.
Make it legal!
Canada is bigger than the US.
And has a tenth the population.
They have so much room.
You were joking about what?
You really do 0wn her, though.
She's your popsy, your toy.
There's no shame in it, man.
bc, the problem is that most Canadians prefer to live very close to the US.
Most Canadians live in a 100 mile wide strip along the US border, in fact.
I think they just like being close to the US.
Canadians take great pride in the size of their country, their beers and whiskies, their hockey, their arts.
It's a pity they can't take pride in all those things without feeling the need to denigrate the US.
It's a self esteem issue, bc.
Canadians feel the urge to pick on America, but get their feelings so very hurt when America does a little friendly ribbing back.
For example, Canadians insist that Budweiser is typical of American beers, we chuckle, point out that Canadian Mist is typical of Canadian spirits and Canada runs off and cries.
They're just big babies.
I may have gotten the name wrong.
No, Canadian Club is something else.
Black Velvet is another awful Canadian spirit.
It's even on billboards down here.
We have Black Velvet billboards.
It's swill, though.
I don't know how they can afford an advertisement campaign.
fifty years of master craftsmanship and dedication to quality
Oh man.
It's like $8/bottle.
Oh hush.
Just because some of your distilleries are older than god.
Maybe Canadian spirits aren't popular in Canada.
I think they're drunk here mostly be poor people.
What do poor people in Canada drink?
Well, of course.
Here, that's Canadian.
Maybe poor Canadians buy cheap American swill.
Chile with meat.
You can get mighty tasty chile in the States.
See, JD is too expensive here.
I think it's $10/bottle.
Around her, you can get big fiery bowls of chile with steak and chiles and what not.
It's good.
bc, do you know what I saw the other day?
Alcoholic iced tea.
I'm not kidding.
You can purchase bottles of alcoholic iced tea if you are so inclined.
It's the most absurd thing I've ever heard of.
Iced tea is fantastic.
The same brand makes alcoholic cranberry lemonade.
So go figure.
Iced tea is not repuslive.
There are many repulsive things sold as iced tea, though.
In fact, if you want nonrepulsive iced tea, you pretty much have to make it yourself.
More or less.
I don't.
Well, thai iced tea has reams of sugar.
But it's tasty.
It's more a dessert than a drink.
You often criticize me for lying 
I wonder if he's had any luck.
I, also, am looking for a girlfriend.
If it worked for him, I'm willing to try it!
400 354//9=
Sorry.
I was vacuuming my desk.
Who doesn't?
I've realized that I'm just not complete without a sweet little thing to dote over.
I don't think K5 has any of the sort of girl I'm interested in, though, so I doubt Nave's method would work for me.
I somehow doubt it.
I don't think that's what I want.
I'm not leftleaning, selfobsessed, or a computer geek!
And I don't fancy myself an intellectual.
Why would I want someone entirely unlike me?
That's only magnetism.
It's nice to have something in common with one's love interest.
I'm interested in a nice girl to settle down with, bc, not a wild fling.
What does matter?
If she's a leftist, she's a slute.
I can't compromise on that part.
I can't!
That's pretty much what it means to be a leftist.
We'll see.
What about webwench?
Is she a slut?
Oh, you mean on K5.
I thought you were using webwench to demonstrate that being a leftist wasn't the same thing as being a slut.
I can be her rebound boyfriend.
That's what I'm looking for.
That always lasts, what, a few months at most?
Time makes me bolder, bc.
Even children get older, and I'm getting older too.
I don't have time to play around anymore.
I'm not sure I've even noticed her.
Is she interesting?
Good looking?
Pathetic, in a cute way?
I can work with any of those.
But in a cute way?
Like a little lost kitten?
Picture?
You really get around on the online personals, bc.
Whatever.
I'm tired of your endless excuses.
She has a son and a tattoo.
No thanks.
Also, she's 30!
Divorced.
Nothankyou.
Good practice at picking up women on the Internet?
I'm not sure I want to get good at that.
Anyway, she lives in Atlanta.
What never stopped me with Jin?
And what have I had to do with Jin?
I spoke to her on ICQ for a bit.
I don't think I've ever claimed to love anyone.
Who is she?
Rachel Ellis is a troll account, wretch.
Well, it is.
If you weren't SmittyWhoopass, we might care.
As things stand, I can scarcely restrain myself from banning you.
No, that's not me.
That guy is going to need a good heap of luck, though.
That's creepy.
It'd be less creepy if he just said that he wanted sex.
Married White Male.
I don't know about HWP.
Because he's polyfidelitous.
Did you see that bit?
It is wrong, by the way.
As are his repeated!
mentions of oral sex.
Some things cannot be bought at any price, and one's dignity should be one of them.
I'm concerned about poor ubu, though.
I'm afraid he will do something in his deperation that he will regret for the rest of his life.
desperation
He is being tried, put to the fire.
Melted down so that the true metal of his character can be seperated from the dross!
If only he can hold fast in his principles, he will emerge a dazzling and burnished creature of pure might.
Email Keri and she will do girlfriend things for you.
She's crazy!
I like her.
It is!
She's not 18, though.
Well, I don't know that she's not 18, but she doesn't seem it.
Since she's still in high school.
How do you know she's in Seattle?
She sounds quite ideal, really.
This truly must be fate at work.
I will email her!
Destiny, here I come!
Hello,
I don't quite see why you went through all the trouble of setting up your web site, since you should've just emailed me straightaway once you decided to find a husband.
Of course, you probably lost the address.
Naughty girl.
Anyway, I look forward to meeting my new wife.
Ok, it's sent!
What if she's really a freak and tracks me down and hurts me?
hotmail
It's only semianonymous.
If she were determined, she might be able to find me and kill me.
I wonder what sort of girlfriend things.
It's just vague enough to be enticing.
That's a bit creepy, and awful.
Keri, I'm sorry, but you're a horrible poet.
That's even worse.
I hope Keri wasn't raped at 14.
Well, if she was, she'd have all those bodyimage and selfesteem issues I adore, but that's horrible of me 
She mentions a Miranda now and then.
Kissing her hand?
Also, what does, I'm down for a WHOLE LOT mean?
I wish I spoke the language.
I'm down with X usually means I would find X acceptable or enjoyable.
down for might mean the same thing.
Be that as it may, she's experienced.
At what, we're not sure.
What were you wondering?
The mystery grill.
The Mystery Grill would be a good name for a restaurant.
A restaurant Keri and I will start.
She probably won't 
It's probably just a troll
Doubtfull, me0w.
It usually takes a track athelete several years to get fat after quitting track.
You don't ever run track if you have the sort of metabolism that allows you to get superbig.
I'd like it to be real, bc, but let's be realistic.
We'll see if she replies.
A hearty hry to you too.
I hate people like that.
Always trying to make others as miserable as they are.
Let her be beautiful and exuberant!
I would hesitate to call her a talented poet.
Great, an icy bitch.
That's just awful.
People are awful, bc.
I think my reply is far and away more clever than anything on that board.
But the, this is #aq.
I just know ubu is going to try to intercept this one.
That bastard.
Of course.
I never lose to ubu!
Plus, he's a wreck right now.
Nobody wants a wreck for a husband.
I need a huge amount of alcohol in me before I can say anything that even vaguely resembles what I think.
I wouldn't trust your brother to take care of a rock.
OK, do that again, anyone, and you're kicked.
If I did it, I'd have to kick myself, and I'd rather not.
Just keep in mind that my name is county and everything will go smoothly.
Still no email 
I knew this wouldn't work!
I've already given it days!
Remember, bc, we're in different time zones.
200 proof alcohol is pretty cheap.
I wonder how it tastes.
Why did you have 200 proof alcohol?
Were you in chemistry class?
Weirdo.
For only $21, I could get a case of Ranier 40s.
I wonder how many are in a case.
I already said it was 40s.
That's 40 oz.
Pretty big, really.
40oz is about 1.
2 litres.
It's $1.
81 for one bottle.
Most stuff comes in 750ml or 1.
5 litre sizes.
me0w, who else had the cold?
You didn't actually infect me, bc 
I was just horribly hungover.
I wonder how Kari will feel about me being a drunk.
That's not quite as good a deal as the 750 ml of 151 proof rum for $13.
80, bc.
Her misery man!
Well, thanks.
This web page should have a way to find out the best deals.
I'm OK at maths, but most drunks aren't.
See, blatant profiteering!
That's what's wrong with capitalism.
They have a $250 rum.
That's absurd.
No, that's not true.
I'm telling you, it's not.
Bad rum manages to be both cloying and fiery.
It's awful.
Yes, it's much smoother, not nearly as sweet, and caramelly.
They have a $4,000 scotch.
That's a lot of money.
MacAllan 50 year old.
The tax on it is $675 
The scotch you had me get, bc, was very easy to to enjoy.
Well, that was unusally kind of you.
When suggesting a gin, you most certainly did not suggest a friendly one.
I think an attractive bottle is critical.
You don't drink that.
You just impress people with it.
Well, bc would drink it.
Wouldn't be able to help himself.
A special occasion?
Such as, say, when you fancied a drink?
So while erasgy lay in agony squirting the little tyke out, you'd be drinking scotch?
Why not drink at his conception, too, so you can have an ugly, stupid little son?
Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.
I was cleaning the kitchen.
You should give up alcohol too, as a show of support.
Is she not worth it?
I fear poor Erasgy will never be your first love.
It's a show of support because she must give up alcohol.
Well, she does look hungover in the picture.
I'm just saying.
Look again.
Oh, so you'll only exactly match her sacrifices.
You're making yourself sound rather small and meanspirited, bc.
I didn't suggest a pact.
I think it's interesting that you interpreted what I said in such a way.
Are you sure you're not a schemie?
What if she said that the smell or site of alcohol evoked the sort of cravings that pregant women often have.
Would that be stupidity?
Oh ok.
I'm just ribbing you, anyway.
aww, don't take it like that.
All you have of her is a picture!
That story about beer floats on K5 is gross.
She has a lazy eye, too.
bc, mostly.
You mocked my love interest slightly, bc.
Well, I guess you didn't.
It was just me0w.
I'm sorry.
I wish she'd not call herself KeRi.
She's really a bit too insane, really.
Do you think me0w wants one or more of us?
Hopefully not at once, if the latter.
What would be the point of asking her?
It would be far too tempting to be dishonest about it.
I'm not sure I feel comfortable being part of someone's fantasy, bc 
If it were a wholesome girl thinking about me, that would be different.
I wouldn't mind Keri entertaining fond thoughts of me.
If I expressed in no uncertain terms that I wasn't interested in being pegged, Keri would have the courtesy not to think of me that way not that she'd ever dream to anyway.
me0w, though?
I just don't know.
I doubt you can respect much of anything, me0w.
It's the inevitable outcome of failing to respect yourself.
People who think of Keri aren't worthy of respect?
That's an odd perspective.
Is it just Keri, or are there other such people?
You're not making any sense, and if you don't already feel like a whore, I doubt anything would cause you to.
It was me, cyndrekit.
You can't make a martini out of vodka!
It's not possible!
It's not a martini.
bc, again!
You're incorrigable.
Where?
She agreed with me.
So I wasn't harassing her.
I did not.
I know she is disgusted by her brother and my comment was a show of camaraderie.
Do you have a point hidden somewhere in all this, bc?
Don't be shy of hyphens.
Anyway, let's pretend you're correct.
I'm real bad.
What of it?
That's a right shame.
Would you feel better if I apologized?
bc, don't be silly.
I'm just a bit rough around the edges.
My heart's in the right place, though.
I don't think I've seen you do one single altruistic act either.
What does that prove?
The Internet is an ideal medium for actions of any sort.
Perhaps you don't pay attention either.
Really?
Then remind me of one.
And a wonderful job he seems to have done, ubu!
Weren't you telling me earlier than everlasting grief was the only human choice?
bc, you should be able to.
bc, I was always ready to assist you in your schemes.
I am not concerned.
Why should the lies and faithlessness of others cause me to doubt myself?
bc, but I know that you're turning on me with malice and dishonesty.
The others here may not, but that doesn't matter.
We both know what's true, and we both know who's really at fault.
So I'm content.
It does wash for you, though, because you know I'm right.
This isn't a court.
I'm not defending myself from the others here.
This is between you and me, bc, and you know who's right.
You're lying to them.
Will they believe you?
I hope not, but there isn't much I can do.
Of course your real goal is known only to you.
I hope it's an admirable one, though at this point I can't imagine it is.
I'd like to see it stop, me0w, but he gets like this sometimes.
There's not much to do but ride it out.
Eventually he'll get tired of it.
I think you just get bored, frankly.
I think boredom is the most charitable motive I could honestly ascribe you.
At least when you attack me.
You do other things out of better motives, no doubt.
Stop, really.
It starts to wear thin.
Sometimes, but your ravings are merely chafing.
Right wing weirdo, right?
I admit to not reading his posts, but I thought he was in trhurler's camp.
He'd probably become angry with me if informed of my confusion.
Maybe I should just give in and have a vodka martini 
What if cyn heard you?
Anyway, I have no vermouth or olives.
So I will remain without martini.
It's good to be a bigot about important things.
She still hasn't emailed 
She isn't going to.
Did you warn her away?
Well, if you can't refrain from wrecking my love life for a good reason, bc, do it for a bad one P
That's what this channel is all about.
Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
Like my vicious attack on me0w and cyndrekit, made out of a desire to promote chastity and gin, respectively.
That's what this channel is all about.
county> Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
She's 17 or 18, cyndrekit.
Don't!
Unless you're going to encourage her to pick me as a husband.
I'm quite capable, actually.
I love this bit of illogic Do I want to get married?
Absolutely not.
That does not mean I do not want a HUSBAND.
That's exactly what that means, you nut!
You have not.
She's quite clever.
I'm sorry you can't see that.
I'm not interested in a mail order bride.
1 They cost money.
2 They don't speak English.
3 They're not as funny as Keri.
Her ignorance?
No, that's not what I'm laughing at.
There's nothing pathetic about a girl looking for a husband.
What's the pathetic part?
I certainly don't feel any pity for her when I read it.
You're turning it bc.
Hitting us with these essays.
Aww, don't be.
I can't remember when last I watched a movie.
I'm guessing your about what.
15 at best?
This has to be in the top 5 stupidest things i've ever seen a human being do.
I think any guy who would want to slave away for 8 hours a day 5 days a week, just so he can take care of a girl needs to do 2 things.
And that's all there is!
What are the two things?
It's important that I know.
I may need to do those two things.
Maybe I should.
I really don't have a good grasp of what you're into, so I tend to to assign you ever deviant sexual practice I've heard of.
That's what this channel is all about.
county> Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
What were you talking about >
OK, fantastic.
No, Keri is ignoring me.
Yeah, well, what can you do?
I think she'd make a fine addition to the channel.
You're probably right, though.
Still, it wouldn't be right of you to steal my one chance at love.
At least not until it's absolutely clear that it won't work out.
I know better than that.
You can't help yourself!
See a girl, and you can't help but seduce her.
See a drink, and you can't help but drink it.
You're a slave to your passions, bc.
I'm not saying that's a bad thing.
Or maybe drink a lot before hand.
You're not as seductive when blind drunk.
Oh, of course.
Trollificus was railing against beer on K5, and it rather hurt my feelings.
I doubt it.
He called it carbonated horse piss!
I don't know.
I confess that I don't know what horse piss tastes like, but I've smelled it once or twice, and it doesn't smell like beer.
Also, I'm tired of people assuming that all American beer tastes like the big three.
I thought you were more a orator and a lover than a programmer.
I suppose I'm wondering why you're bothering to program at all.
That doesn't sound at all plausible.
Where did you meet this sexy piece?
Why don't you just have ubu do it for you?
Just pass the entire project off to him and tell him to finish it, and quickly.
Hmm, bad luck.
I hope you learned a valuable lesson.
What's that?
Is the origin at the top left of the screen?
I'm sure it's just a simple mistake somewhere.
Adding when you should've subtracted, transposing two values, or whatnot.
I don't really know Java, or I'd offer to look at it.
You really shouldn't try to become at all good at programming, you know.
I'm proficient at programming, and my only chance at love is Keri.
Coincidence?
I suspect not.
Doubtless, but she's my one shot!
I'm going into battle with but single cartridge.
May God guide my aim.
You've found the one you want, too.
Well, at least yours is sane, and doesn't look twelve.
You'll want to nix the it's, luisa|.
Not important.
Anyway, fabricated statistics sound better if they aren't divisable by 5.
94%, say, or 96.
Fractional percentages are even better, such as 94.
Well, I think we can agree that one's divisible by both 5 and 2 are right out.
luisa| is a 117.
4% strumpet.
bc, maybe if you tell this girl that you became confused momentarily and only mistakenly told her that you were a master programmer, she'll have an upwelling of motherly sympathy and have sex with you anyway.
The fact that you're trying to program in order to get laid indicates that this is a desperate situation.
I know.
There are no sexy female programmers, and if there were, they wouldn't be found in clubs.
I think the real reason has to do with you turning into a nerd.
No, not really.
I program at work, see.
I programmed for courses.
Anyway, why are you programming?
Oh come on.
You can too say.
I've made fantastic progress!
Well, bc, I can't say.
So much paperwork 
I just fell a bit behind on my filing of crap and I'm catching up.
What does crashing on my couch have to do with a mortgage application?
I have a couch as things stand.
And I have a bed, not a futon!
It's not greasy, either.
I've never known a woman who had even the slightest interest in watching porn.
However, I've known many women who lacked selfrespect.
Ethic, everything is still going splendidly with the Mrs.
I hope?
I only ask because men in happy, stable relationships generally don't talk about crashing on other's couches.
You were probably just planning for some future contingency, though.
Maybe I creeped her out.
What is that?
Sulla, no!
She just needs a bit more time.
Maybe I offended her by calling her a naughty girl.
That might've struck her as condecending.
Which it probably was.
If I can't condescend to some highschool student who wants to leech off me, though, then to who in blazes can I?
Well, she comes off as a bit creepy too!
Ethic, you're not a lesbian.
You can't suffer from lesbian bed death.
I'm not a creep.
I didn't write to her like a creep.
You're being absurd.
Absurd.
Ha ha ha ha!
Shut up, Sulla.
blah blah.
You're like a fly, droning in circles about my head.
Just a constant annoying buzz.
buzzzzzzz
Why does vlad want a video of a woman vomiting while performing fellatio?
I've never tried rum with pepsi.
Sounds like it could be decent, though.
I think I'd just shut my eyes, rather than pay.
I am cheap.
I wonder how pepsi would taste with a single malt.
I'm going to find out.
The plot thickens.
Sent to dave@vlad.
geekizoid.
Or something close to that.
We all know you're Quick Star, Vlad.
I hate trolltalk.
You let them win!
Well, I think I've done enough work for today.
I can't abide fetishes.
That's not a fetish, though.
It's just a preference.
That is not all it means.
For one thing, when I meet a christian virgin that I like, I like her as her, not as a christian virgin.
So there.
Ghosts.
Any of those?
bc, I've decided to stop working, so what should I do with the rest of my day?
Well, I do need to go to the store first, and I'm not sure I'm really in the mood for alcohol.
I'm like a woman with sex.
I can only drink when in the mood.
The alcohol has to seduce me.
Let the man prefer what he prefers.
Why do you want a woman that much more intelligent than you?
Wouldn't you feel inadequate?
You don't want any underage PhDs.
What do you bring to the table?
If you're lucky, then, maybe you can get a girl who meets one of your criteria.
7, probably.
Did you email Keri, bc?
I guess I'll just have to get used to being utterly alone.
Forever.
You already have thousands of women.
No, I'm not interested.
You leave me little choice, it seems, but to abandon interest in women altogether.
I am now an ascetic.
That wasn't kind!
All you do is try to cause me pain, bc 
You're always thrusting knives into my back with a twist 
redheaded', I meant, obviously.
You were being cruel and spiteful.
I hear Vladinator likes fat girls.
I can't remember, is me0w weighty?
There was some sort of explosion a few blocks away, it sounds like.
I wonder if it was a nuclear weapon.
So, it was actually an explosion thousands of miles away?
The UK must be in ruins.
In ruins?
Utterly obliterated!
Thames is a confusing work for us Englishingspeaking nonUKians.
English
No, I'm actually from South Africa.
I spent the first seventeen years of my life there.
Haha, yes, no wonder.
I didn't want to mention it, because I know how cruel you are to South Africans.
Like Farl.
A suburb of Johannesburg.
Oh yes, you were even worse to vai.
I'd just as soon not say.
You'd mock me for being rich and privileged 
At least he licked you this time.
Sandton, actually.
Sowetto is where the black live, freak.
And it's usually Soweto.
Whatever.
I generally saw it Soweto.
Doesn't matter.
It's an unimportant place and it's name is consequently unimportant.
I don't think it's quite that many.
I can't say I've paid much attention to it, though.
I'm off to the store.
Be back in 15.
Back, even.
I would've been back sooner, but I was distracted by a pretty young thing.
We had sex.
I'm not sure.
It's possible!
Well, yes, of course.
She looked quite a bit like Keri, but somewhat older.
I didn't.
Our eyes met in the aisle, and before I knew it, we were having sex.
Then before I knew it, we were done.
It was all very fast.
A blur.
Possible in some broad technical meaning of possibility.
Practically speaking, no, it's not possible.
That's OK.
What's ice beer?
Quite probably.
Several of our big name lager makers have an ice variety.
You can buy a bottle of Bud Ice, for example.
Canadians have Molson Ice.
There are more.
I was just curious what made it different.
I still have never has a bigname lager.
I may never have had lager of any sort.
That's why I say may not have.
I went to a German restaurant once had some stuff that I don't remember what it was.
It was good, though!
Amber.
I tend to think it was ale.
It was the color of a strong cup of earl grey.
I am a bigname American lager virgin.
I wonder how long I will remain chaste.
I don't see why not.
In fact, all this talk has made me thirsty.
I think I'll have a stout!
It's a Budweiser Stout Ice Light.
Pretty good, really.
I meant lite.
Also, it's flavored with cranberries and iced tea.
No, there isn't 
It's an American stout, though, made by Sierra Nevada.
Quite nice, actually.
America does have good beer >
Then why does America take so much guff over it?
I've wondered that, too.
If everyone really hates it that much, why does it sell billions of units?
I don't think ever even seen 25 year old rum.
Where did you find that?
25 years old is up there for rum.
I have a bottle of 8 year old that is allegedly one of the very best rums one can get at all.
It tastes just fine in coke, so I guess it's true.
The interesting thing about the older rums is that they start to taste vaguely whiskiesh.
An 8 year old rum tastes a lot different than a 1 year old.
I think it would probably be a good idea for me to have some rum after I finish this stout.
Well, she know better than to sit around moping.
She needs to get back into it!
ubu could learn a thing or two from her.
Of course, since she's female, she never actually loved the guy at all, and the hurt she felt when dumped was the panic of needing to find a new caretaker.
It wouldn't make sense for her to do anything but put herself back on the meat market.
No, it's prudent on her part.
She knows that it's best to be upfront about it.
That will scare him away, often even if he would've been fine with a child if he had known about it at first.
She really isn't bad looking, particularly for being a middle age computer nerd on Slashdot.
I doubt you can really do much better on K5, at least in terms of physical characteristics.
2, 3, & 4?
1 is far and away the most common meaning here.
To a USian, She's pretty but homely would be a contradiction.
One wonders, though.
She's 30, divorced, been through a string of failed relationships.
What's not working out?
Gah, that's unworkable.
Some women just can't pick 'em, but don't have significant flaws beyond that.
I thought it might be that.
I have an idea!
I'll marry webwench and we'll adopt Keri, who I will then proceed to have an affair with.
Right.
It will be delightully perverse.
Can't match this whips or cuffs, baby.
Motherly means various things to different people ;
I am straight.
100% straight.
In your case, motherly means longdead.
Shouldn't it?
I'm tempted to make all sorts of awful comments to her diary.
She forgot to say how she is in bed in her ad.
I think it's important to most people, no?
I just had an epiphany.
I finally realized what I want!
I want to fantastically rich, live in a huge manor, and support scores of neurotic women, none of whom I have sex with.
They would all be relatively attractive, suffer from selfesteem issues, doubt, guilt and what not.
There is no fun in it.
Another's shame is on of the sweetest exlixirs of all!
Possibly one of the more horrible things ever said.
I have the feeling you imagine this often.
I feel personally attacked when you criticize American women.
No, and I'm South African.
Please, that's a little too liberal for this channel.
Take it to #adequacylesbian.
adequacybeastiality
I need to get liquored up.
How should I go about this?
I have several spirits, so the task seems complicated and daunting.
Yes, me0w, I'm uncomfortable with female sexuality.
This isn't exactly a secret.
I don't know anything at all about my great great grandfather.
I don't think I had one.
Yes, that's the rub, isn't it?
That seems reasonable.
I have the mind and heart of a robot.
Suffer my mechanized wrath, foolish fleshling.
I was made by God.
I am an agent of divine retribution.
Well, yes and no.
I'm supposed to say that when asked, but I've never actually been to Johannesburg.
I'm unconcerned.
Being a robot, I needn't ever worry about whether what I do is right; I just do it.
Sometimes.
It can't hurt to ask.
Mostly destructive.
Holy Fire, Heaven's Thunderbolts.
That sort of thing.
Did I mention that I'm a robotic agent of retribution?
I can create a decayed, poisonous star, which I can then hurl into the ocean.
Is that what you have in mind?
I can melt the flesh from her bones.
Wouldn't you rather I did that?
I can freeze her under miles of impenatrable ice.
How about that?
I'm not sure I can help you.
I don't have any abilities directed toward causing humans to fall in love.
She already is in your vicinity.
I can take credit for that, though, if you like.
Frankly, I don't see why you think I should have any easier of a time finder her than you would.
Being able to hurl the earth whole into the sun's flames doesn't give me the power to locate a single human female.
That could work.
I'll have to clear an event of that scale with HQ, though.
Let me fill out a 790AE05b and submit it.
That's Requisition Clearance for WorldWide nonApocalyptic Event, schedule 05b, which involves ice.
Well, 05b is freshwater ice, while 05d is saltwater ice.
Oddly enough, schedule 05c has nothing to do with ice.
It's arthropods, actually.
If I wanted to send locust after her, I'd fill out a schedule 05c.
I know, it makes no sense.
Two schedules for ice, but only one for all arthropods?
Don't take it up with me, pal.
Yes, get back to your philosophy.
The worst was being tired and having a lot to read.
I used to have to read while standing sometimes, to stay awake.
Yes, and you suddenly realized that you have absolutely no idea what he said in the past page and half.
realize
The problem is that Derrida would never say something as straightforward as Class intrinsically elistist.
Because he wants to have sex with me0w.
That much is manifest.
The fact that we both came to the same conclusion is interesting, bc.
If I were interested in sex, I think I'd be drawn to me0w.
The gray shick of hair and buggy eyes really do something for me.
You're getting carried away.
Have connection troubles, luisa?
HAHAHAHA!
Actually, I placed a hex on your modem.
It would be a pretty poor hex that only worked from the time of hexing, no?
No, I haven't hexed you yet, actually.
bc is correct.
I just need to remember to get around to hexing you one of these days.
Why is she poor?
You do not.
Why, then?
Fine, whatever.
Why do you feel sorry for her, though?
Or maybe she just prefers being with someone.
All the men here are pansyass, as a point of fact.
So speak carefully.
I hope not, bc.
luisa, though, is entirely predatory.
To her, men are only sources of sustenance.
Her cold little reptillian brain can no more understand love than a slug's brain can understand quantum physics.
Do slugs even have brains?
What poor luisa doesn't realize is that she has been deprived of the single most valuable thing that existence has to offer.
Don't feel too much sympathy for her, or she'll interpret that as a sign of weakness.
Then you'll find her fangs at your throat.
luisa, you're playing with half a deck.
Even worse, you think you have a whole deck.
Consequently, you can't even understand the implications of what you do say, but you think you can.
It's pathetic, really.
bc, that would be playing god.
For whatever reason, god made luisa as she is.
And that must be respected.
How could you fear or dislike love?
You haven't any idea what love is, and you're not capable of comprehending it.
Love is so far beyond you that it is quite impossible for you to feel anything at all toward it.
One after the other.
A fragile, beautiful creature, like a tiny stalk of wheat, just sprouted from the earth.
It will be cared for, and nourished for a time.
Then it will be harvested, consumed, and utterly destroyed and forgotten.
luisa is as a farmer, really.
I think it's an ideal analogy.
Your men our nourished for a while, but in the end, they are beaten apart, eaten, and burned.
our should be are
I don't believe you're any different.
I can't, given what you sayl
That word falls leaden from your lips.
I suggest you refrain from saying it.
I think so too.
Gloating, as though they had defeated you?
Defeated someone else?
What cause have they to gloat?
You're just telling stories now.
Maybe in Texas, such thing happen.
Certainly not here in the civilized north.
luisa probably was going out and sleeping around, and whatnot.
No wonder the men felt threatened.
She probably forbade the one she was with to even touch her, allowing him only to work to buy her things.
She, though, would sepnd her night in drunken debauchery with others.
It's so clear.
The freedom she wanted was the freedom from fidelity!
The lock was that of faithfulness.
bc has felt love.
He doesn't need crude approximations, like explode from happiness.
Anyway, if you think love is happy, it only proves that you are entirely unfamiliar with it.
Love is a cruel master.
No, you have it all wrong.
Oh why bother.
Keep in mind that when luisa says that family is more important than love, bc, she means that family is more important than being quite happy.
Thinking in those terms should clear things up.
In that context, it makes sense.
Family actually is more important than being quite happy.
I tire of hearing you defile love by speaking its name.
Please stop.
Some are.
I have limited experience, admittedly, but I don't think most women are evil.
Maybe.
Maybe you've just had some bad experiences with women and let it color your view of the gender as a whole?
I shan't.
Unless she lets me rub her tummy for good luck.
It sounds like you got us confused, there.
Surely you meant that the thought of me disgusts you, not the other way around.
That sounds like something Jin would say.
A quatum object?
OK, maybe you don't sound like Jin.
Jin likes to claim that people she doesn't like aren't people.
I'm not a person, bc.
I am just a thing.
A robot.
The mechanized wrath of God.
Maybe she likes people who give her anything at all, bc, including grief.
I gave her a good cussing out, and she didn't like that one bit.
She had it coming.
Also, I was drunk.
I don't like Home Movies.
And what happened to the Brak Show?
I loved Brak.
She'll marry MessiahWWKD.
He likes her tits.
But he likes her tits.
Anyway, how a woman's breasts look when she's clothed is a poor measure of how enjoyable they'll be unclothed.
There ought to be a law about that.
tummies, I don't believe that.
I don't actively disbelieve it, mind you, but you do lie a lot, and without evidence, I don't believe it.
And I don't lie online either.
Can we stop this silly dance for just one moment?
The music is getting repetitive.
OK, I'll take that as no.
Might you have a copy of this picture?
What thing on yahoo!
Spurious exclamation points lend an interesting air to one's writing!
She's not hideous, at least!
I wish I knew how to type the upsidedown Spanish exclamation marks!
You should've!
I bet luisa has a cute little potbelly, doesn't she, bc?
What's a popsybelly?
I think luisa should have a taut little belly that's somewhat round.
I don't know about that.
Interesting that your connection is so crappy too, bc.
Well, I put the hex on luisa's connection and her 0wner's connection.
It means nothing, I'm sure.
Where Catholic Singles go online.
and Interceding for Single Catholics.
Our nuns and monks stand before God daily, asking for mercy and blessing for all single Catholics!
Unfortunately, I tend to read the URL straphael.
Is luisa still here?
I asked him the same question once, tummies.
I can't recall the answer.
I think it had to do with attending classes, though.
There are many Catholic universities in the United States, bc.
No, bc.
Like tummies said, there are many secular universities.
However, the secular universities are all actually satanist, and force their students to engage in horrible rites and perversions.
Any girl who has gone to a secular university has been gangraped by twenty men, you can be sure of that.
Maybe.
Hmm, no.
I think each university has a gangrape squad.
They may have several.
The worst is that this is a very wellkept secret, especially from highschool students.
So the poor girls aren't expecting it 
That's why I can only recomment religious universities.
recommend
me0w, I don't see why we can't just eat the whole world up, eh?
I want to eat the world 
I want to start by eating your environmental ethics class.
I will crush their bodies in my metal jaws.
Will you like it when it's your turn to be eaten?
Oh, you wager, yes, but the stakes?
Pretty high, no?
What if you're wrong?
No doubt, me0w, but still I look forward to eating the cute girl who sits on the left, near the front.
She looks tasty enough.
Maybe I had you in mind, me0w.
I'll let you know.
Who are you in love with?
It's OK, you can tell us.
We're trustworthy.
Ethic, I think she means bc.
Sorry, man.
That the very worst sort of mistake to make, too.
Poor guy.
Objectively, no.
However, when it happens, one feels it's the worst.
I suppose many mistakes are like that, really.
So, tummies, did you mean bc?
As do we, but we can't help you back on your feet if we know nothing about the situation.
Discernable to you.
Those of us less involved may be able offer fresh perspectives.
I think she might be talking about you, Ethic.
Regardless, the first step is clearly to rid oneself of contact with said person for a reasonable period, perhaps two weeks.
Then cut him off forever!
The only other solution is to smother yourself in him until you grow tired of his presence, but that doesn't seem possible.
That would be ideal, Ethic, but I don't think the situation allows.
I considered that, Ethic, but dared not say it.
What don't we understand about him?
It might help if we knew who we were talking about.
Do I know him at all?
You're not sure, or you don't wish to say?
You implied that he wasn't local.
How near is he?
Enough of your romantic babble, woman!
Facts are the substance from which solutions are crafted!
Ethic, tell her that you want her too.
It's the expected reply, really.
I'm sure poor, dear tummies couldn't care less if she were without porpoises.
Tell us this man's name, so we don't have to refer to him as the man who tummies would like to be with, but can't, for reasons that aren't entirely clear.
Except that James isn't his name!
Or you've fallen for spiralx.
That's disturbing.
And to all of us.
Really, though, this is a simple problem, tummies, and you know it.
Either it is worth it to you to be with James or it is not.
I apologize to put it in such cold terms, but it's the truth.
You're avoiding the fundamental issue.
It isn't worth it to be with him, is it, tummies?
Look, just admit it to yourself.
It's not worth it.
It would be fantastic to be with him, but it would just cost too much.
Allow yourself that honesty.
Well, that strikes me as a spectacular stroke of luck.
You've a replacement!
Maybe you're taking the wrong perspective.
You didn't indicate that there were any troubles between you and James.
tummies, you need the courage to decide what you're going to do.
You need to make your decision and stand by it.
You're not a coward.
What if he says no?
Well, your mind's been made up for you.
Suck it up and ask.
Nobody likes being rejected, but you also hate where you're at.
I'm sure that's what everyone wants, more or less.
That isn't going to happen if you stay here sniveling like a coward, though.
Stop being a wuss, tummies.
You've always criticized that in other women.
I suspect you'll lose courage, make an excuse, and not call at all.
You made your excuse already?
That was quick.
I suppose he won't be available for a good long while?
Then call in two hours.
That's plenty of time to mull over what you want to say.
What will you say?
Good girl.
Chances are, he'll say yes, I expect.
If he doesn't, you can start moving on, without feeling that you have to look back, because there will be nothing to look back to.
Yes, it is.
What else can you do, though?
I'd advise against that last item, particularly if it cost very much.
Why would you go there, really?
There are hundreds of cities in the world with fun things to do in them.
At least.
Poor, fair, gentle luisa.
Miss her at all?
It's nobody's concern but mine, I expect.
I hope you're talking about her.
You misinterpreted me.
You think I pine for luisa, as though infatuated?
Yes, I'm guessing there was a misinterpretation somewhere.
I should hope.
It's only 1030 here.
I have been granted 3 extra hours!
I think I'll spend these extra hours pining for luisa.
Do you think she'd be impressed?
Well, I have a lot of catching up to do, to move from inhuman entity to love interest.
I could probably just steal one of Keri's poems and change a few words.
I could always claim to be Keri, if she had.
It's humbling, sometimes.
I'm the mechanized wrath of God, but often the most obvious observation escapes me.
I think I often let the expectations of others weigh too heavily on me.
Yes, I am divine retribution forged from living metal, but does that mean I'm any good at impressing women?
Not unless they like death, pestilence, and what not.
And you know what?
Most women seem not to.
Perhaps, but if so, there are a lot of frail, broken gods strewn about.
Take poor, fair, gentle luisa as an example.
Or perhaps being a god doesn't mean as much as we supposed.
That would be disappointing, no?
We posess all of the power that there exists to wield, but it not nearly enough to affect even the barest fraction of our ambitions.
If we were gods, could our purposes be the wrong ones?
It's an interesting question, and on examination, neither answer seems correct.
But what does wrongness even mean in that context?
I don't think it is.
Perhaps you're looking for efficaciousness?
It absolutely doesn't.
My concern, though, is that standards of right and wrong may not be applicable to the actions of gods.
Then I hope we're not gods.
I'm comforted by the ability to pronounce some actions wrong and others right.
Then you're not just a materialist, or what have you?
Night.
You're going to stop obsessing over strangers?
Uh oh.
Nothing illegal, I hope.
Begs for what?
Well, I a source that I frankly don't trust very much told me that Jin's breasts are flat, lumpy, and misshapen.
What do you think about that?
I tend to think you're right.
Jealousy is a vicious monster.
Well, this individual claimed to have seen pictures of Jin topless but could not produce them.
It's a shame what people will say.
Well, Jin has done her share to draw people's ire, you must admit.
Asking for peole's annoyance?
I don't think that's an accusation commonly leveled.
It's not just men, either.
HailStorm, you may like her for her T&A, but she really is dim, pretentious, whiny, and grating.
Come on.
Have you talked to her?
And was she enjoyable?
Well, then don't let me discourage you.
Well, thank goodness that would.
Otherwise, you could get yourself in real trouble P
That's what this channel is all about.
county> Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
Yikes.
We're running out of energy!
It's no laughing matter >
Yes we are.
I don't want to die!
I keep forgetting that >
I shouldn't even be capable of fear!
I'm going to go get a haircut!
hahahahahaha
I need my hair lookin' sexay, so I can score with the ladies.
That's right.
That comment wasn't zeroed.
Oh, the one underneath it.
I daren't rate the comment.
My account is secret!
You deserve to be rated 0.
I'm going to rate you down with all my trusted accounts.
All seventyfive of them.
A script.
I have a script that automatically posts vapid, but vaguely topical comments in stories and then rates them up.
Now you will be 0ed, Captain_Tenille, and lose your trustedness.
Can't fight city hall.
When the magnetic fields disappear, all the fleshlings will be sunburned.
I don't use a magnetic compass for navigation.
I don't use any sort of compass.
I just know.
That will take you away from Texas, pal.
momocrome, I imagine you end up at the water a lot?
I like water, too.
Lakes and oceans are fantastic.
The Pacific Ocean is my favorite thing, in fact.
Oceans are larger than rivers, and thus better.
Well, bodies of water are probably the only sort of thing I apply the bigger is better rule to.
No doubt bc thinks dolphins are fish.
Let's give a hand to the UK's socialist public school system!
How long does it take to walk a mile?
Do I walk 3mph?
I have a brisk, urban walk.
Also, I'm tall.
I'm not very large at all, bc.
I would like to be gigantic.
I would like to tower over the tallest skyscraper!
However, such height was deemed disruptive.
Well, bc, he's right.
I'd like to look at some bathing beauties instead.
Yes, but neither Canada nor Siberia can be occupied by humans.
How would you get the oil out?
My suggestion is to drill sidewise from Texas.
You don't know how to build automated extraction devices.
I'm an automated extraction device, of sorts.
Only instead of oil, I extract teeth!
Very messily.
If you clever apes can figure out a way to get oil from teeth, maybe we could deal.
Then don't make it.
Practice a little restraint, man!
Caffeine will cause you more harm than good, in the long run.
Yes, but most people aren't at appreciable risk fro diabetes, anyway, and simple, healthy dietary adjustments will do the trick, too.
More people are at risk for heart disease or high blood pressure, though, which caffeine can exacerbate.
Disgusting.
If I ever met you, I will sterilize your feet with 100,000 degree plasma.
You won't be after I'm through!
Here in the states, bc, they sell alcoholic coffee drinks.
At Starbucks.
Yeah, scotch is better of mixed with coke.
I made this fantastic drink, yesterday, actually.
It was scotch  coke  orange juice  ice cream.
It was great.
Hmm, let's see.
Who here actually tasted it?
Oh, that's right, just me.
So shut up.
Can you predict the taste of a cake by trying all of the ingredients?
Not this drink.
I sloshed it all together carefully.
I can't believe I'm arguing with you about how a drink you've never tasted tastes!
You epitomize the worst of K5, bc!
So clever than they can just figure anything out, facts and experience be damned!
What am I trying to do?
bc, you're making an error.
You're describing what you would do were you in my position.
I'm not vindictive and petty, though.
You only distrust me because you think I'll behave as you would.
What does that say of your character?
You've certainly no reason to suppose I would.
bc, I've never once tried to get anyone to do anything evil!
Just yesterday, in fact, I did my best to comfort poor, dear luisa.
me0w will attest to it.
Gloating!
Nonsense.
I didn't do any pining, either.
I did not, and you know it.
What do you even mean by that, bc?
Who has gloated, and when?
Over what?
Hmph, well ask her, if you must.
Making coffee?
Are you some sort of domestic?
That's why you get coffee at all?
For the excuse to say 'organic'?
I'm off!
Hello, folks.
Weren't you going to acquire an albino pakistani, bc?
Or something along those lines.
I like those odds!
It's a pity Pakistanis are all ugly and stupid.
Not a problem, me0w.
Keri seems to have given up me!
That's just a lie.
Of course I'm curshed, me0w.
Thanks.
It's not an easy thing, losing one's love.
All devout Muslims wish to be circumsised, though, so you'd pretty much have to do it.
Of course, bc, if you converted to Islam, you would never, ever be able to gain residency in the US.
It's just something to keep in mind.
Not hard to do, me0w, since Muslims aren't trying to kill you all.
One can't really blame the US for being mistrustful of Muslims.
Yes, that naughty US, getting itself killed my Muslims.
What were they thinking?
Canada reminds me of the principle who disciplines children for provoking bullies into beating them up.
principal
Isn't there some perdida harassing in it, too?
I have to go back to work tomorrow.
I'm wondering if I should start the week with a good hangover.
I think it's pretty obvious what that is, dmb.
Well, you did ask.
That one is a medium.
How does one know what size one is?
With pants, say, just measure the waist and inseam.
Start small and work up, to be prudent, I would suppose.
Why are they rated on Power, Design, and Efficiency?
I can really only make sense of Design.
That's what this channel is all about.
county> Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
momocrome, you're annoyed by it because even though it's just a few short paragraphs, it has nine count them em dashes.
Shouldn't it be Ally McFeel?
boyboy?
momocrome, why are there girlgirl scenes in straight titles, then?
Strikes me as discrimination.
Or something.
I'm sure they wish there sex could be that good, bc.
I was under the impression that there's nothing inherently homosexual about anal sex.
I thought it was just plain wrong and perverse, cutting right across such distinctions as orientation.
I've never actually seen a porno.
They sound absolutely revolting, though.
It must pay well, I guess.
I also don't think they're mannish.
I have to say, bc, I'm really going to enjoy annihilating this species.
Anyway, First_Incision is misrepresenting American women, in my opinion.
I can't imagine a woman being shocked and suspicious if offered a better place in line, or what not.
American schools are poor, a problem that will surely be alleviated if only we give them more money.
It's lack of money that makes them poor, see.
Yes, bc, but American schools require much, much more money to provide the same education because America is so large.
Understand?
Ah, but lotteries are not well described in purely mathematical terms, since the relative utility of the payout and payoff cannot be captured with mathematics.
For example, mathematically speaking, it is stupid to pay one cent for a 1 in a million chance at $5,000.
On the other hand, it's just a cent.
You were going to lose it in five minutes anyway.
bc, the average American school has thirtyfive times as many students as the average Scottish school.
Also, those students are an average of 64% larger.
Well, a normal American elementry school, for children ages 510 has 100,000 students.
It's quite true, actually.
The schools are vast complexes, the size of small cities.
That's a lie.
Most of the money actually goes to hiring prostitutes and porn stars to come demonstrate various techniques in sexed class.
It's obscene.
I have a gun.
I have several guns, actually.
If we ever get in a gun fight, me0w, you'll wish you had a gun.
You will too!
God damn it, me0w.
When we get in a gun fight, you're going to shoot at me and I'm going to shoot at you.
That's just how it's going to be.
bc, tell me0w to shoot 
What am I supposed to do, just shoot you while you stand there looking silly with no gun?
General Electric makes miniguns?
I didn't know that!
Are they on the corporate web site?
A search of GE's site reveals no mention of miniguns.
You're way too tiny.
You couldn't even pick up the gun.
Really long magazines tend to jam.
I wonder how they fixed that.
Well, it's a spoof, there you go.
Yes, bc, you too.
That seems to be all UKians do, get drunk and fight.
My neighborhood isn't very quite.
During the day, there's plenty of bustle, and at night, a bunch of black people run around killing each other.
Not sure about that.
However, when I walk to the bus each morning, I often have to step over corpses.
It's annoying.
They usually aren't picked up until midmorning.
You've been drinking a lot of coffee.
I think I'll have a delightful rum, whisky, lemonade, and ice cream in coke, personally.
I was kidding about that, but I think I will have a bit of rum.
To warm my bones on this bitter winter's night.
I have a wide array of fantastic spirits.
Because I don't drink them all within hours of buying them, that's why.
Like football uniforms?
I'm sure you look smashing in spandex, though, me0w.
That's awesome.
Well, no one made you purchase that color of shorts.
I can't say I've spent much time looking at women in sports bras, but I never noticed this monobreast phenomenon.
Is it due to your breasts are to peculiarties of the bra?
What's doffee?
I wish I were made of tofu.
I'm not made of stainless steel as it is.
Can't win 'em all, man.
Don't be like that.
If I gave up every time I failed, well, I did.
And look where it got me.
uniteat?
Work it, bc.
Work it.
I don't wonder.
I just know it.
Cheese is thicker than water.
American cheese is best.
Well, it is.
I saw some rocquefort the other day.
However, I deemed it too expensive to be worth buying.
I think it was $70,000/lb.
I'm not!
I really do think that's what it cost.
Don't call me a whore again.
None of this is an issue, though, because luisa is going to respect my wishes.
That's what this channel is all about.
county> Doing the right thing for the wrong reason.
Do tell!
Why not?
I think you're bluffing.
You have no idea.
Haha, nope.
Nice try, though.
I haven't made any posts regarding bridges, though.
I really haven't.
I hardly ever post, in fact.
I don't have an account that I've only made four posts with.
I'll give you a hint.
My current account has between 20 and 30 posts.
You'll still never find it.
The style is just so utterly unlike anything I've ever done before.
Well, that's probably good.
It would be pretty silly to look, really.
You could not.
Stupid K5.
You don't really want to look through 30K users.
It's in the last 2k, by the way.
momocrome, do you also prefer the fatties?
That's what I like, and you stole it from me >
You didn't like that until I mentioned it.
You hack.
I did too!
I have time and again said that I prefered pretty girls who had bodyimage issues.
I have so!
Read the logs!
I know this one, momocrome, but can't remember.
haha, yes.
perdbath, on the other hand.
muahahahahaha
Sorry.
I can't stop thinking about perdida with, well, you know.
muahahahahaha
I have.
I am right now!
I hope it's not fresh bar, perdida.
That's just too big!
I smoke in my bed.
a fresh bar
I'm sorry.
I was laughing as I typed.
perdida seems to think we have no experience putting soap in holes.
I've never put any soap in any of my holes, admittedly, except a few times when I accidentally got soap in my mouth.
However, I have put a bar of soap in a woman's coochiecoo.
And a woman's mouth, for that matter.
Because I'm a horrible person, momocrome.
It all comes down to that.
Put soap in her hole?
I am honored.
Do that.
I'm sure she deserves it.
Don't let her bite your fingers, though!
First ever, First_Incision?
Aren't you a bit old?
Well, I'm sure it'll be fn.
Haha, fantastic!
I've always wanted you to be looking up anuses, First_Incision.
Love of rectums and anuses, I would guess.
What else could it be, really?
I hate you.
Doin' it fo' tha anuses.
Do the math?
You did not, momocrome.
That was fast, perdida.
soap in, soap out, we're done!
Oh, she got herself wet, bc ;
I don't want to see inside Katie Couric's ass, thanks!
I don't suppose the video shows the nice part of the ass.
God damn it.
I hate MSNBC so much.
yikes.
Is such an operation even possible?
Does the penis work afterward?
No it doesn't.
My wang stands at attention!
I have a fantastic penis.
It's long and thick, but not intimidatingly so.
I can totally understand shoeboy's selfcocklove.
A pity you're too poor to afford tickets, perdida.
Maybe you can get a date to take you?
Who the fuck indeed!
He's a rapper, bc.
He makes rap.
Oh hush.
I hardly ever hear eminem.
But then, I don't listen to the radio.
I hate car alarms.
No, she needs to be wide awake for her assreaming!
I'd make her suffer through ever excruciating moment!
I once examined a girl's vagina with a bar of soap.
True story.
More significantly, what's not decent?
That's easier to spot.
Katie Couric's colon on morning television?
Not decent.
Barry James Corrigan, surely.
I know.
You sick bastard!
Fuck you!
I don't know?
BJ Corrigan.
Not a bad name for a fluffer.
Sicko coercive crap?
OH YES.
I fantasize about socialism.
I don't even know what a St.
Andrew's Cross is!
How can I dream about it?
I don't even know what country you come from.
Iraq, probably.
Islamist extremist!
A likely story.
No, bc, I dream about eating turkey and havarti sandwiches in the sunshine while sitting on a blanket with a cute girl in a gorgeous park.
A picnic, if you will.
Actually, that thought had never occurred to me.
I think it's interesting that it occurred to you.
What's a violet wand?
What a fucking sadistic country!
Are there any implements of torture not on your flag?
I've never hurt a girl and I have no desire to start now!
Well, never hurt a girl physically.
On purpose.
I'm a menace because I don't intentionally hurt them?
That's an fresh perspective.
Isn't that admirable?
A minute ago you were talking about nettles and intense heat.
Now, maybe nettles are different in Kurdbekistan or whatever godforsaken country you hail from, but over here, nettles do not cause mental pain!
Anyway, I don't even know what mental pain is.
You're just blathering.
Sheer nonsense.
Well, I certainly didn't raise the topic of nettles.
For some reason, you did!
The idea seemed at the forfront of your mind, one might almost thing.
So now you're claiming to read my mind.
If you hadn't proven yourself a complete lunatic a thousand times previously, you certainly have now!
You explained, for sure, but your explanation was pure poppycock.
Are you intoxicated?
You claimed not to have booze, but really now.
Yeast infections, bc.
A terrible thing to have to suffer!
But how to avoid them?
Oh, that's right.
Good hygiene.
Well, bc, that was an interesting insight into your thought process, but how you can attribute it to me is entirely mysterious.
The simple fact is that I don't want to hurt girls.
I don't think about hurting girls.
I don't fret over it.
It's simply not a part of my thought life.
You, on the other hand, have clearly given it a lot of consideration.
I make you sick because you force me to star in your violent fantasies because you're too cowardly to imagine yourself doing the things you crave?
Well, I can see why that would make you regard me with disgust.
Still, it's not my fault, as you can plainly see.
You're the one thinking of them!
Your explanation is not as plausible as mine.
bc, you must stop attacking me simply because you are uncomfortable with some of your desires.
Pray, take drugs, see a therapist.
Whatever!
But I don't deserve this!
You're so uncomfortable with them that you can't even bring yourself to rightfully own them!
Instead, you absurdly, and through a rickety chain of illogic, attribute them to me.
You want to hurt girls.
Big deal, really.
Yes, you mustn't ever actually do it, but many famous men have wanted to hurt girls.
And many of them got on just fine without ever actually doing it.
You can work past this, bc.
Everyone has their demons, you know, and this is yours.
Denial only puts you at risk of doing what you abhor.
This isn't about me, bc.
Look at your own heart.
You've been the source of all the violent, sickening fantasies this evening.
Then where did those thoughts come from?
Your deduction, quite simply, wasn't.
Your train of reasoning could've quite plausibly gone a billion different directions, but it didn't.
It took that one path, bc, and why?
Well, clearly because that's what you wanted to think about.
There can't be any other way about it.
Nobody made you think about it.
Take the demon by the horns, bc
It's yours, and you're going to be fighting it for the rest of your life.
The two of you may as well be acquainted.
luisa will tell you what you want to hear, bc.
Not what you need to.
You'd like to think she's right, but can't bring yourself to.
Why should people have to die just because they don't have enough money?
That seems horrible and cruel.
Whatever a right is.
Rights are just social constructs.
Why can't there be a right to medical care?
Seems reasonable.
Easy for you to say, you're landed.
If you were struggling along in a world that never gave you a chance, you might feel different.
You really have no business wearing white, me0w.
I think luisa||| would look best in lingerie made of 9hydrochloric acid, but I'm going now.
I'll be right back.
Wrong channel.
You keep screwing up, momocrome.
momocrome, I was disappointed to learn you have no car.
And a shame that would be.
But you're not paying at all.
I was considering trying to bum rides off you.
Or a moped.
A mophead?
bc, that's not me.
sucker
hahaha!
You'll never find me.
Mod them down.
Like an onion, bc, layers within layers.
perdida has you working for her?
Poor chump.
I imagine she promised you sex and worse.
Will you ever get anything, though?
No sir.
A third girl still not naming names would give sex, forget about the article, and then give more sex.
Good evening, my precious little angels.
How are you all?
I spent almost 6 hours in meeting today!
Yeah, it was a bit much.
I spent part of it doodling, part of it day dreaming, and so on.
I also asked piercing questions.
I also make my share of insightful remarks.
You're probably forgetting to ask piercing questions.
You shouldn't so that.
While you're staring blankly, some bored guy is starting at your breasts.
Trust me.
Look around the room, at least.
Then it must be him!
Haven't you heard of dirty old men?
They're not called that because they reek of feces even though they do.
bc likes girls more than just about anyone I know.
be back in a bit, peeps
im back
eh, fuck off, ya li'l bitch.
seventypercent
let me be honest with you
this channel has become infested with communism.
i'm sure he's plotting
but he's too pussy to actually do anything
you can tell him i said that
when was this?
thus spoke jesus
jesus spoke everything he spake earlier
i don't think so
why do you ask?
im also dry Master_Lu
i've not had a drink in days
weeks even
my torn heart?
oh yes
I remember that
it was a great while ago.
hardly bears mentioning
me0w > meow > kitty > perversion!
Oh, a real girl!
How I miss those.
I will give that a try.
That just leads to a typical squatter's page.
Master_Lu, you seem to be talking about spirits and drunkeness a lot this evening.
Why is that?
Well, Master_Lu, it seems that most everything you've said regards intoxication, drunkeness, or alcohol.
Unfortunately, Master_Lu, I have other matters to attend to while I speak with you.
Please accept my apologies.
I'm talking dirty to my mistress over AOL chat.
I don't mind telling you all, because frankly I think she's a worthless whore.
As a matter of fact, I've never spoken to Keri.
Thank you for reminding me to check my special Keri seduction inbox, though.
Well, that's a pity.
I wanted to fuck Keri in her tight little anus.
That was a typo.
I meant to say, I'd like to cherish Keri, and love her forever.
The keys are nearby.
Undoubtedly.
I'm thinking of switching to voicetotext.
I'm depressed.
I really wanted things to work out with Keri.
Telling her what?
Ah yes, my devotion.
To sweet, fair Keri.
Should I stalk her?
Is she worth being arrested over?
Either that or prison.
I don't want to go to prison!
Not for a twelveyearold girl!
Master_Lu, do you find the idea of romancing a twelveyearold girl appealing?
I am less cynical than you, Master_Lu.
I still dream of romance.
I'm sure it's only because I am less experienced than you, though.
That sounds really homosexual, Master_Lu.
Your homosexuality?
I'm sure I couldn't care less.
You brought it up.
I'd rather not.
Certainly not.
That would make me the bitch.
Sorry, luisa|, his grammar leaves a lot to be desired.
I didn't read it.
Give me a summary.
You lazy son of a bitch@!
Sorry.
You know how I get.
I gave up on it, Master_Lu.
It just didn't hold my interest.
I've though about coming out naked and asking for sex, in this channel.
Good thing I decided against it.
Did I get any?
Thankfully, I've never been drunk.
Anyway, I don't want to have sex with any man.
If I were going to have sex with anyone in here and I wouldn't, it would be luisa|.
I don't.
Such an oldfashioned view of sex you must have!
I needn't woo her at all.
If they don't dislike me intensely, they're mad.
You forgot a third option.
Look for sex outside of this channel.
Most appealing possibility yet, really.
It is too!
I can always look.
Finding is another matter.
Miserable failure?
Hardly.
It was a bit of bad luck, for sure, but what of it?
Maybe not, but still, whatever it was, it was bad!
Perhaps not.
I might be doomed to succeed next time, though.
Lost what?
The girl.
Yes, I lost her.
I'm sure I mentioned that?
Oh, she dumped me.
Not sure, really.
Well, no, I have some idea.
She couldn't see herself spending the rest of her life with me.
We didn't share enough interests.
She liked cars.
I couldn't care less for them!
I guess so, luisa|.
I didn't think so either, but go figure.
Not that she let on, Master_Lu!
Well, i do.
She has been somewhat shy of commitment ever since I've known her.
I think she felt our relationship was approaching a threshold of some sort.
That's really all there is to say!
I didn't like cars, and she felt that we were getting too serious, so she broke it off.
Master_Lu, are relationships supposed to confront issues?
I thought that was the job of talk shows.
Well, ours didn't.
I tried to take things slow with her, for sure.
I knew how skittish she was.
I suppose I messed up at some point.
Or maybe I didn't!
Perhaps it was impossible all along.
I thought it was clear to you that I didn't.
Well, no, Master_Lu.
It was annoying to have her run off like that, for sure.
But pain and grief?
Please.
Fifteen months, I think it was.
Catch it!
How long do I have to wait before I can have a doctor finger my ass?
No kidding?
I thought I had to be a certain age before they'd take me seriously.
All that for a $10 copay!
It's like going to a prostitute, only better.
I'm not paying no $50 copay for an assfingering.
I refuse to pay more than $10.
For $50, I expect cock.
I don't know how to make sense of that.
For $50 I expect cock on a regular basis?
What does that even mean?
First_Incision, I'll just go to different doctors.
She is.
And you're right, that's why she left me.
She used to cry in my arms because I was so impossible.
She didn't, Master_Lu.
Master_Lu, there isn't a single proctologist in my book of providers.
Is there another name they go by?
There are over 400 internal medicine specialists in the Seattle area that my insurance will cover my seeing!
I can get assfingered once a day for only $10!
Actually, First_Incision, I can see specialists for only $10.
It kind of rocks.
Doesn't matter.
I wish I was canadian.
me0w gets her ass fingered for free 
luisa|, to be perfectly honest, I have no desire to have anything up my ass.
However, mocking the medical profession by comparing them to assfingering whores is funny.
She weeps when she thinks about what I have become, Master_Lu.
What about yours?
I'm wearing headphones.
At the very same moment the right headphone crackled, I saw flashes in my right peripheral vision.
What does it mean?
It might almost be worth spending the day on the toilet to have a clean rectum.
And colon
And everything else.
I'd shower too.
And be perfectly clean.
From head to toe, from inside to out.
I would be the cleanest being in the world!
I don't read my spam.
Perhaps I should.
Anyway, luisa, I don't find violent, degenerate sex appealing either.
You figured incorrectly.
I'm stumped, luisa.
I can't formulate a coherent desire to have any sort of sex with you.
Master_Lu, ain't that the truth.
She's threatening to rape you, it sounds to me.
Isn't that rape?
But only when men do it.
Of course.
I can't imagine anyone happily agreeing to sex with you, luisa|!
On the other hand, I can't imagine anyone happily agreeing to sex with anyone else.
So perhaps my imagination is to fault.
A waste of words, if you ask me.
I've never initiated sex at all, actually.
I am quite virginal!
Oh yes.
That was a bit cruel of you to assume that no one has ever initiated sex with me, though.
My picture?
Show it to me.
Figures.
Any time anyone in this channel claims to have something somewhat implausible, it's never handy when they're asked to produce it!
I wonder why that is.
This channel is full if liars.
I am beautiful.
Keep my gorgeous looks out of this.
What are you prattling on about?
county is purely utilitarian.
It gets the job done; that's all.
HailStorm, you've done little today to realize your dreams.
Stop fantasizing about me right now.
You're ready to go on a road trip!
Has your oil been changed recently?
How long has that been?
Maybe you should have that looked at.
Get the oil changed, the fluids topped off, and you'll be ready to drive to texas.
As it turns out, she lives in a small, windowless room.
Did you know that?
You do now.
I figured you'd think so.
It's quite true, though.
She sits locked away from the sun, working feverishly on whatever it is she works on.
Always trust your dreams, since they're caused by random chemical fluctuations in your brain.
If you can't trust random fluctuations, what can you trust?
Others, though, really.
You're such a thoughtslut.
Think about one girl at a time, HailStorm.
That's how we stable, welladjusted types go about it.
I find everything about me interesting.
You should too, if you've taste.
Is that another word for fellow with good taste, Master_Lu?
Doesn't that mean you have to worry about grief more than most, HailStorm?
Keep the essays short, please.
I'm having trouble keeping up as it is.
I don't need any of you forteenbillion word masterworks to wrestle with.
I'll lump you.
I'll cirse you.
bc is a dreadful catalyst.
His very presence inspires terrible scheming.
I was doing quite fine until you showed up.
My latest idea was to set Seattle afire.
Unfortunately, I don't play any musical instrument.
You idiot.
What did Nero do when he set Rome ablaze?
Hint  He didn't watch television.
I don't think the Romans had fiddles.
They had kiddiefiddles from the Greeks, doubtless, but that's something else altogether.
I was slain 
I never shave.
Don't need to!
Indeed.
I think I'm going to turn in now.
Worry not, darling luisa, you'll be able to abuse me later.
I'm sure you won't.
Is the march in Canada?
Well, Canadians are always nice to each other.
You won't get arrested.
But what?
Which affords you greater opportunity to scream obscenities about America?
Free speech is not respected in America.
America a fascist dictatorship.
Right and left are just flavors of fascism.
All we're allowed is fascism!
If I had a channel, I'd ban Stanford.
Second rate minds and first rate egos make a nasty combination.
Then do him for free.
I ask people for pizza rather than money.
Strange.
I've also been working since I was 14, but I started out cleaning floors.
Before that I had paper routes and mowed lawns and what not, but that doesn't really count.
Right.
The floor cleaning job was my first one with a W2.
And HeMan.
I have the power!
Where is all this coming from?
Hello, luisa|.
Don't worry.
We'll comfort and encourage you.
I will try my very best to.
Well, if you stay here, we can enjoy pleasant conversation.
I had a pork chop and pasta.
I haven't been eating enough sweets.
Don't always believe it.
My online bank statement is off by some $1300 right now.
Well, a large part of mine's innacuracy is some uncashed checks I've written.
Also, when I use my debit card, it sometimes takes a few days to be reflected.
Why haven't you married rich yet?
You can't be too picky.
Just go for the money.
You want a stinking rich fellow who has one foot in the grave.
After he kicks it and you're wealthy, then you can find someone sweet and cute.
You're throwing your future away.
If I could marry a rich old man, I would in a heart beat.
I would!
I want to be wealthy.
I want to shown off at cocktail parties, too.
be shown off
You look like a pile of fake oranges and feathers and what not?
Pine cones.
Small squash.
A candle, perhaps.
That does sound rough.
I'm hapy nobody has ever told me I'm pretty, but instead just left!
I'm treated like a broken doll in the gutter.
Trust me, you have it better.
You want to be ignored, kicked around, and stepped on instead?
Can't make friends down here, either.
Even the other people down here no that it's the kiss of death to show any solidarity!
The only way out is to make other people think you don't really belong down here.
Nobody is thought of as a person.
Being thought of as a pretty doll is pretty good, though.
You don't understand how desolate and hopeless being unattractive is.
Only someone to be lonely with.
Being alone by one's self gets old at times, so ugly people band together and be alone with others.
Ugly people secretly despise each other for their ugliness.
Uglies are even less tolerant of ugliness than pretty people, are.
They know they're ugly, luisa|, and if you're talking to them it's only because you have some game you want to play, or some task you need performed.
Ugly people are singularly pragmatic.
They know the facts of their situation.
Oh, right, hot people are just weird.
Yes, that sounds horrible.
When I talk to girls, they recoil in horror.
Sneer in disgust, and turn away.
ubu, can you find it in yourself to feel pity for her?
For luisa.
Well, she has been carrying on about how rough it is to be so gosh darn pretty.
Did her tale stir your heart, ubu?
Perhaps you are a better man than I, for I find that I cannot feel anything even vaguely resembling sympathy for her.
I walk over to Seattle's gay district when I need my hair cut.
Homosexuals are fantastic hair stylists.
Geeze, that many?
I've sometimes wondered whether I would have the self restraint to avoid punching luisa in the face, were I ever to meet her.
It would be a dire test of my will, indeed.
I am not eager to subject myself to it.
What's wrong with rock climbing?
Find religion, luisa, and start attending service.
Become a vegan, luisa, and attend a local meeting of vegans.
Volunteer.
Join a LUG.
Join a nudist organization.
Become involved in a political party.
Go to gun shows.
Follow the Grateful Dead around the country.
Move to a commune and work as a potato farmer.
I have so many fantastic ideas for meeting people.
Oh you can talk, ubu!
Grieve forever, but don't be codependent.
Geeze.
I don't want to hear it.
I'm not drinking now.
I'm not!
I have plenty of alcohol, too.
I've not had a drop today.
Because I don't want any.
I have enough booze to kill myself and preserve my pickled body for a thousand years not twenty feet away.
Please, keep your medal.
I don't have an alcohol problem quite yet.
I'm terribly close, give me a month or two.
Then we can start with the struggling to quit and so forth.
ubu, if only I had a girlfriend I could stop drinking.
It would really kickstart my life!
If I had a girlfriend, I know I could be happy!
I just know it.
I'd be happy to last four.
luisa|, take an extended vacation is Seattle, so we can have frequent, violent sex.
It will cure us both.
I believe that.
I would.
In a heartbeat.
luisa| is exactly what I've always wanted in a girl.
Haha, my heart.
What's that, again?
Well, yes, I said that because I was feeling vulnerable.
I've decided to just come out with it, though!
I'm infatuated with luisa.
Incredibly so.
I'm sure you can relate, ubu.
What with me0w, cyndrekit, and everyone else.
No, I want a tiny little black girl with an ego thousands of times the size of her chest.
That's quite alright, ubu.
I've already found someone!
Looks big enough from over here, luisa|.
Well, if you want to get pedantic, nobody is black.
You, however, are black.
See, when you talk like this, it makes me love you all the more.
The endless fucking arguments over pointless minutia are endearing.
You would.
It's the ego.
You think too well of yourself to entertain the notion that your ego might be out of control!
It's obvious.
You're not sad all the time.
You're mistaking your joy for sadness because you've never felt sadness and it's not quite as joyous as some other joy you had earlier.
Didn't I just tell you that you're always joyful?
Isn't that what I just fucking said?
It seems I just did.
Several times!
See, it's fate.
Check the fares from Houston to Seattle.
I bet they're at an alltime low.
I'm quite happy about it.
I'm not sure what you mean when you say it's sad.
I've never been ready to shoulder any responsibility.
I'm not going to start now.
You should find out.
Call a Methodist priest or whatever.
It used to be one of my ambitions to become a bishop.
Maybe First_Incision goes to a Catholic Express.
Did it work, ubu?
Did you demand an explanation from God?
Did you ask why he allowed such misery to befall one of his faithful?
Or why He allowed another one of His children to stumble and fall, even unto murder.
Your story would make a fine addition to the canon, if it weren't, well, you know.
Then I admire you.
Such is how would wish myself to behave.
The problem of her tolerance for the murder of little children.
I see a problem, certainly.
Catholics are flexible on that one, apparently.
Remember, ubu, murder is a legal term.
If the legislature were to decide that killing ugly people was not murder, Catholics would be quite powerless to dissent.
Their opposition is to murder alone, whatever that may be.
Yes, like your life of misery and pain.
You poor jewel.
I don't.
My life is largely free of misery and pain!
But ubu, all just means is in accordance with the rulings of the presiding court.
That's why I'll never make a good Christian.
I just don't have very much misery or pain.
I would estimate that I spend about 1.
3% of my time miserable or in pain.
Why stop then?
Some childen have been breastfed to age 8.
Maybe we should move the killing age up to 8.
On the other hand, me0w still depends on her parents for support.
Maybe the killing age should be moved into the twenties.
I don't see why a father couldn't care perfectly well for a newborn infant.
I will not reproduce.
ubu, unfortunately, has more experience in this area than anyone deserves.
You'd do well to listen to him, First_Incision.
Of course.
The rest is just coincidence.
I don't either.
If there were a slapoverIRC protocol, I'd be sorely tempted to use it.
I'd like to slap luisa|, ubu.
She needs it.
Desperately.
It is my Christian duty, as I see it.
Why would your face redden?
Well, it would have to be an improvement.
Anything would!
I'd have to see what felt right.
I think he's older than me.
Guess my age and weight, win a prize.
I'm 22.
I weigh 170.
I'm a few inches over six feet, ubu.
Damn it, ubu, I'm going to rescue luisa|.
You can rescue cyndrekit.
I think you do.
You're sad and whiny.
I've told you already, I'm not sad.
Whiny, maybe
Yes, I will save you.
Then I may kill you.
You can't save yourself without help, though.
Stop being so stubborn!
Yes, I could do that.
A good slapping would be an excellent start.
Not hitting, you absurd female!
Slapping.
Cripes.
You do have problems.
What's wrong with me?
Nothing.
I'm perfect.
The definition of a boy.
One might as well talk about the definition of a horse.
I didn't actually want the definition of a horse, Haile_Selassie, but thank you.
hey folks
fuckin muslim
well its luky that im a muslim tehn
I'm two hours into my weekend and still sober >
I am not.
Did I mention that I was still sober?
Well, I need to stay sober for now, because I have a date!
Yes, do.
Strange.
Once I can feel stupidity creeping up, I can't bring myself to stop.
dmg, I actually lied about having a date.
I witnessed an shocking display of female pettiness and cruelty today.
It put me off.
perdida has a scoop site?
Oh heavens, do spare us.
Of course.
bc plays close attention to the activities of his women.
Yeah, she wanted someone to actually read it.
Well, it let me right in.
Farewell, fair cynaway.
Not sure, Sulla, and I can see precious little except your hamlike fists right now!
I think I'd just break down if some little nigger ridiculed my shoes.
Are we?
I like my shoes.
I wear black leather boots.
Mine look mighty sharp.
Mine are similar, Sulla, but they don't draw blood.
Or cause blisters, really.
They're stern, though.
I've walked over five miles a day in mine without blisters, just soreness.
When they were brand new, though, they caused blisters.
I had to break them, though!
And they had to break me.
It was very sexual.
Why don't you get more comfortable shoes?
Anyway, I'm going to tell my story about female cruelty on the bus.
I get on the bus with four other girls, three of them are together.
I mean with four girls.
I'm a guy, of course.
The lone girl tries to be friendly with the three, and they're quite terse and rude, and then when she gets off, they spend the next five minutes mocking her.
It made me weep.
I wouldn't.
She was quite pretty, too.
Her face had a strange, intense look to it.
Her voice and attitude were intoxicating in their simplicity and ingenuousness!
And I will never see her again 
The other girls were illformed masses of pimpled, greasy, misshapen flesh.
The soul truly is reflected in the face and body.
I didn't see any reason to suppose this girl courted malice, bc.
Anyway, I think it's been wellestablished that I can't take it, at all.
I wouldn't be attracted to a cruel person.
Sorry, Yanni, I don't like fatties.
225 lbs is pretty damn fat.
I'm 6'2, though.
bc, I feel like such a wretched fool for not talking to this girl and getting rejected!
No, more like 170175.
No, he's correct.
Also, I'd like to point out the Gun N' Roses is the best band ever.
The face made me laugh.
I didn't get past the front page.
I figured it couldn't get any better!
Oh, no!
It's wrong that they would sell that.
The whole idea of a fake woman is ridiculous.
I wonder if they've had any takers at all.
I can't imagine anyone would want it.
Frankly, I'm just not seeing a niche market between masturbation and actual women.
Those two seem to have the demand pretty much satisfied.
For $920, you could have a girlfriend for a month or two.
For $920, you could masturbate for decades!
For $920 I could buy a fancy hat that would get that wonderful bus girl to notice me.
I'm having scads of fun falling in infatuation with girls from the bus.
I hadn't anticipated this at all, but it's immensely enjoyable.
Oh boy!
I hope that little feud doesn't end bloodlessly.
Have some beans.
Why don't you keep food stocked?
I buy a preprepared meal once each week.
Every Sunday, I purchase a gyro.
It seems that buying one's meals would get expensive.
Do you have the Mrs.
cook for you, Yanni?
Do you two ever compromise on pork?
I don't eat much beef.
Chicken and pork, mostly, and some lamb.
Don't eat much of that, no.
Why not read it and find out?
What's trolltalk's URL, by the way?
Tell them that Vladinator is now officially displeased with them.
I 0ed you.
I can't!
Because your post deserved a 0.
Actually, momocrome, I have a quite famous account that's trusted.
I'm just telling stories, bc 
I haven't 0 anything in ages.
You were trolled by infinitera?
Oh man.
I stand stride the storm, untouched by it!
I will never be robbed of trustedness!
astride
You're spelling it incorrectly, big guy.
That spelling still doesn't make sense.
Vladequacy is the only reasonable spelling.
I should know, too, for I am osm.
Hello, Vlad.
Be more specific.
Vladinator, you're just really, really irritating.
I don't know how else to put it.
Just like momocrome.
I don't feel the need to prove anything.
Anyway, why are you not surprised?
Are you aware that most people find you extremely obnoxious?
momocrome, you're getting hit on.
I really need to work up the courage to talk to one of these bus babes.
They really are fantastic.
In fact, entirely apart from the bus, I'm surrounded by babes, none of whom I talk to 
What's wrong with me?
I blame society.
And bc.
Am I shy.
That's an interesting question.
Yes and no, really.
I'm mostly just shy around women I'm attracted to.
Generally, yes, Sulla.
And when I do talk to women I'm attracted to, I'm just biting and cutting.
Boy, do they have your number!
William Scott Pinkrectum Floyd Lockwood III
Enter the luisa.
Harsh, momocrome?
I'm really confused!
I don't have any idea what you're talking about 
That isn't me.
However, I get the feeling that someone who hangs out in here is being nasty in trolltalk.
I take out all my aggression on on darling little luisa.
Drinking is essential.
What were you out doing before?
I am engaging in mental and emotional flagellation.
For what?
If he would just go to prison, he could have a job making license plates.
I happen to hunt bounties.
I'll post your brother's bail, luisa, if you'll make me something with lamb while wearing a tooshort skirt.
First_Incision needs a harddrinking hussy.
For who?
Please don't say the Illuminati.
Are his daughters attractive?
The more vowels that can be included in the spelling of Al Quaeiedaa, the better, I say.
Is that them?
They look drunk.
I don't find harddrinking women appealing.
I don't want to learn Chinese.
I hope they just kill me when they take over.
I need super powers.
If I had super powers, I just know I could accomplish those things that I wish to.
Gee, thanks!
Sometimes I imagine that I see momocrome, RobotSlave, or what not while out and about.
Isn't that twisted?
momocrome, do you take the 2, 3, 4, 8, or 18?
Or the 1.
OK, that makes sense.
I used to take the 522 daily.
Yes, I used to stay in Lake City.
The 18 isn't perfectly convenenient for me, but it works.
Maybe I'll start taking it.
That would be strange.
momocrome, I board the bus often at queen anne and mercer.
The 18 goes by there.
Strange.
We've probably seen each other!
momocrome, something odd I've noticed while riding the bus is the sheer number of drivers who seem to want to get hit by one.
I haven't really noticed that.
Isn't it against the rules?
Is booze rare?
I not infrequently carry rather large amounts of booze on the bus.
I feel awkward when I do.
Not that I care about being seen with booze, but I don't want people trying to steal it.
Yes they do, momocrome.
Just not in Seattle.
They're all in little dinky rural areas.
I think so, momocrome.
I don't mind the staterun liquor stores.
There's one right next to the grocery store I shop at.
The place is clean, the selection good, and the staff is friendly and helpful.
In California, spirits can be had anywhere.
It's strange, to me.
I've always lived in states that had tightlyrestricted liquor laws.
Why on earth would you want walmart booze?
What state, momocrome?
That's fantastic, momocrome.
Where?
Do you want to drive to Idaho next time we get paid?
It'll be fun.
Idaho and California are both far away, but I think Idaho might be a bit closer.
Is there a Costco in Redding?
Oh, that far.
No closer than Redding, I would guess, and that's a drive.
There is, luisa.
momocrome, here's the plan.
We'll drive to Redding, buy lots of booze, drop by Houston, sell some to luisa at a profit, then drive back here.
No, see, we'd get you really drunk and then we'd steal your wallet and flee to Seattle.
Where do you carry your money?
Well, that is why I asked, I suppose.
I always have money, but then, other people don't buy me things.
I've always been reserved, not morose, though.
How do you mean?
Maybe we just prefer to ignore females.
What do we refer to them as?
Oh, I ignore them too, luisa.
I have a system, and it works.
Well, I don't see how that's any of my concern.
I'm not required to accommodate people who might wish to like me.
I like having too much spare time.
The very essence, even.
Verily.
Enter the stunning demigod.
You bight!
Natalie Portman is a tart.
Although, I have to admit, I'd hit it.
Sans tears, I should hope.
The only one I can really recall is the white one.
You wouldn't, though.
You might permit yourself to briefly think about it while she bossed you around, I'll grant you that.
She'd weep out of longing to know you?
You're not making much sense.
You thankfully haven't it in you.
It might be fun to make luisa cry, but I'm sure it would require more time and effort than it's worth.
You're right, it might be.
Every night?
How many nights?
See, that's what I meant by time.
You've an interesting idea about the female psyche, momocrome.
OK, so I whisper the words, she cries, then what?
Can I grind her to dust and throw her into the wind?
I thought she was to begin with.
Or was she more a punk?
So you're not actually doing anything at all, just taking credit for a preexistent state of affairs.
Or is that too much honesty?
I can tone it down, if you like.
She hit you with her fist?
And you tolerated it!
It's quite disrespectful.
Sounds like my sister, of whom I am not particularly fond.
luisa, I would make you cry somehow.
I will make you cry, I do so swear.
I don't care how long I have to employ arcane magic and technology to keep us both alive, but I will make you cry.
Even if I must delight you, bore you, torture you, romance you, shun you, and pleasure you for tens of thousands of years, I will succeed.
We'll see who has the last laugh.
That was a laugh, sure, but was it the last?
Apparently not.
Oh stop, you.
Yet you're going to anyway?
Why, I wonder?
Well, which ones?
She doesn't actually look like a monkey, if those are the ones you're thinking of.
Well, are you talking about the ones of a topless young black girl with a tattoo?
The topless girl with the tattoo isn't luisa.
There are some ones of the real luisa wearing scandelously short dresses and skirts, though.
Well, get in line, buddy.
Yes, rub that in.
Son of a bitch!
God damn you, luisa.
bc took me off the access list, and I know it's your fault.
He thinks I'm tempermental, untrustworthy, and fiery, though.
He doesn't think I'm fit to hold power.
I'm not sure I'd recognize luisa.
I'm not.
I could say all of that.
Have, at one point or another.
No, I'm not, sadly.
What sort of sport?
I tried to proclaim my love, too.
You are so shallow!
And you do know.
bc showed you a picture.
I asked him and he confirmed.
I looked for it the other day, it wasn't online anymore.
It was a poor picture, anyway.
I've gotten better looking in my twenties.
I was quite pleased.
Yes it is.
You prefer not to look at ugly pictures.
Everyone does.
If I were really pasty and really dorky, might you be brought to tears at the sight of me?
What's your opinion of ubu's picture?
I was rather surprised.
I'm not convinced it's him.
And to think, he's been hitting on li'l ol' me!
I feel flattered.
How do you mean?
So you've mistaken my own hesitance to give out a picture for attractiveness.
That's amusing.
You have to realize that most people who don't want to be seen simply do it out of ugliness.
I know that you were talking about ubu, but I was noting that it explained your somewhat bizarre notions about me.
I don't know why you can't accept me as I am 
My eyes are greenbrown.
I've medium brown hair, and I'm caucasian, but with a fair amount of Iberian blood in me.
momocrome is also fat.
A big, fat viking.
With a braided beard.
He pillaged his bride from a nearby village.
Poetry.
luisa, never trust a guy who leaves someone to be with you.
You just don't strike me as the committing type, luisa.
You seem too selfabsorbed to be faithful.
Faithfulness, though the rough spots, requires a real selflessness, and you don't appear to exhibit that.
That's not to say that you couldn't be selfless, I have no idea.
You don't seem it, though.
Guys are used to women being somewhat unreserved in their expressions of emotion.
Maybe your aloofness is mistaken for lack of interest.
The physical aspect isn't enough, though.
It would just make you seem sluttish.
Then you're even worse than a slut, then, if you feel no emotional attachment?
You just said you didn't.
The boy wants to be bothered with it, you nut!
Of course, and there's the rub.
Maybe there are some guys who are more charitable than you, luisa.
I suspect there are.
Anyway, wanting you a lot right after meeting you and wanting you a lot after a few months of seeing each other frequently strike me as crucially different states of affairs.
What do you want?
To love and be loved, but never admit it or have it be admitted to you?
Suffer through it?
Why would they?
From their perspective, you're frigid or not interested, and sticking around would be foolish and selfindulgent.
They're only trying to make a graceful retreat when they can.
I'm glad my name wasn't on that list.
I don't want to be targeted by those freaks!
Interested really isn't enough.
Interested is wasting their time, after a point.
They need to know you have some level of commitment.
Can you honestly be so dense?
Who is Matt Stanton?
luisa, the simple fact is that until you're willing to make yourself more emotionally vulnerable, you will never find what you want.
Why is it weak to confess your feelings to the one you feel for?
Because, luisa, somebody has to, and if it's them, you'll reject them.
I'm not seeing many other options.
How about you?
What bust?
There are 8 copcars full of cops shouting at drunks?
You've never met a guy who you consider your equal?
I suppose that makes sense, actually.
Most are probably your superior or inferior.
I think it's fairly obvious which side I fall on.
I am so far beyond you, luisa.
Come on.
If you made me feel weak and helplessly resentful?
Only a few people have made me inferior, and none of them were at all like you.
em, have you been drinking?
Probably.
It makes you more tolerant.
I'm not going to bed with you.
What of it?
Anyway, it has come up, and it's been settled.
I'm superior.
It's catsup or ketchup.
Oh, I'm sure.
bc, you've millions, get gurl's brother out of the clink.
That's beside the point.
She'll be indebted to you.
Come on, bc, give her brother a chance.
He's trying to turn is life around!
He's in jail because of ancient history.
Good man.
I'm sure gurl will be very grateful.
But you're too old for that.
And she wants more.
So are you going to take her up on it?
Did he get fired for getting in the car wreck?
That's really harsh.
He was so dedicated to his work that he wanted to come in, but he got fired instead!
Couldn't they just tell him to go home and sleep it off?
Still, to be unemployed and mangled in these times is difficult.
He'll probably end up on the street.
He has a devoted wife who makes lots of money, but wants a little on the side too?
That seems risky.
I should find a rich, devoted wife.
Having one could be convenient.
Some guys have all the luck.
Yeah, I need someone to take care of me!
I'm tired of being responsible.
What's a mobile shop?
Anyway, that's too many beers.
What nonsense.
Women hate drunks.
Well, what do you expect?
Your house was built before heat was invented
What's a mobile shop, though?
uh huh
What sort of things?
So you've gone back to the bottle.
tsk tsk.
Like I said, though, some guys have all the luck.
When sober, I'm undesirable.
When intoxicated, I'm undesirable in a different way.
Everyday necessities like dunhills, Irn Bru, and gin.
dunhills sound like cigarettes.
What's Irn Bru?
I don't think I've ever seen any of that, bc.
That would be all you can think of.
gurl, Favorite condiment to lick off nipples?
Be sure to include horseradish as an option.
Give up, wsl3.
The fact is, you can only score with fatties.
That doesn't make any sense, idiot.
I wasn't trying to influence your opinion.
Vlad's fatties look like useless lumps of crap, gurl.
These women aren't fat, gurl, they're disgustingly hyperobese.
300lbs.
A three hundred pound woman isn't voluptuous.
She's hyperobese.
You don't know any!
You're delusional.
I'm not.
I'm not interested in girls much over 150.
I don't much like taller girls, gurl.
Much beyond 5'6 is too tall, I think.
Aye, and there's the rub, bc.
It's easier to become beautiful than it is to become interesting or good natured.
If one isn't already.
A serrated wheel?
Isn't that a gear?
Well, get that cute little can of yours over there and start fixing things!
Chop chop!
bc, what should I do with myself today?
It's kind of dismal out.
I don't know where any pubs are.
In fact, I think they're illegal in Seattle.
That's really far away.
Anyway, going to a pub is way too social.
Of course I don't, but I feel odd being out by myself.
There isn't any point in going out to be antisocial.
Shut up.
Shut up, really.
I'm going to go shower.
When I come back, I'm going to have some booze, a pastrami sandwich, and pour at my innermost hopes and dreams.
Hi and bye to all of you, as appropriate.
cyndrekit, hello.
I wonder what it is.
Greetings, me0w.
It's not night!
You didn't seem that drunk.
What was it?
Have I mentioned that I've nursed an infatuation for Jodie Foster?
About what?
I like welldefined faces.
I can see why her's might be too sharp for you, though.
I like faces with character, not just formless fleshy masses, that so many other girls seem to have.
Don't hate kitten, momocrome.
There's no point.
I just don't understand how he thinks he's different than the people he's always railing on.
It's really funny, actually.
I try to point it out now and then, but he just doesn't see it.
I think stouts are my favorite.
One of my bus infatuations, the one who was being picked on, has a somewhat sharp face.
Actually, I love her face.
It's pretty, but not beautiful, by normal standards.
But it just looks so carefully crafted, somehow.
It looks like someone wanted her face to look just like that, and they invested endless time in carefully crafting it.
You know what I mean?
No, the limping girl is someone else, and she doesn't generally limp.
When I see her, I want to hold her face in my hands and kiss it.
But that's not a polite thing to do on a bus.
You're wrong about us American's, bc.
An American voice of reason wouldn't feel any ill will toward me0w, despite her hatred.
It would just feel sadness and hurt.
Americans
Cross us, yes.
Simply hating us but doing nothing about it is not crossing us.
It's mean and hurtful, yes, but that's not enough.
We Americans only retaliate when actual harm is done.
I hope she hasn't crossed the line.
America's wrath is great toward those who hurt her.
Lesbian sex must be the least arousing thing in existence.
But oh, man.
This is nice.
I have that warm, content feeling that comes with a few boozes and just finishing a delicious salami and pepper jack sandwich.
What sort of things?
I'm only asking so we can get a good idea of how sick he is.
I wouldn't want a girl that french kisses other girls.
This channel is a joke, Sylvain.
I like this channel.
It's a lot of bullshit, a lot of heartfelt confession, and a lot of fighting.
I can't think how it could be improved.
For example, I quite like my online relationship with luisa.
It's all fighting mixed with lies and truths.
Well, I log whenever I'm in there.
I should point out that I've only been online for a month or so.
Well, I have #k5 logs going back over a year, yes.
I have a bit over 100mb of #k5 logs, bc.
Silence, dmg.
She is my infatuation of the moment.
I liked her before you watched the film, bastard!
Her voice, or her accent?
I never found it annoying.
Have her msg me.
I want a drunk girl to torment.
I WANT A DRUNK GIRL TO TORMENT SO MUCH
I am a fragile angel.
bc steals every woman I want.
Every one 
dmg, he did steal my girlfriend.
Actually.
I can't believe I forgave him for that.
dmg, I loved her!
And bc stole her 
And when I cut his hands and feet of, burn his face off with acide, and leave him to die, those will be the breaks, eh?
me0w's SO's sister.
I thought of it first, bc, but my intoxication is slowing down my typing.
Ask her for naked pictures of Jin Wicked, bc.
Lucky you.
She's a pain, in that respect.
And every other respect.
With no respect.
I want to see it, and I can't get a girlfriend.
You're attractive, confident, and wordly.
I'm a geeky pud.
Or you'd just sleep around.
Not all nude women were created equal, though.
There's only one girl I want to see naked, actually.
You must be kidding.
Why have an age at all?
Yeah, because web pages are always right!
I bet you got lots of fantastic drunken cybersex >
I'm not going to try to read through a pdf in this condition.
I think I'd like another salami sandwish
I am a perfectly innocent being.
I actually don't even think I wrote that.
The wind has really picked up here.
It's almost violent.
What's that, bc?
Ah, a rum.
The oldest rum I've had was also 12 years.
Now you just need some forty year old coke.
That's horrible.
No more than twenty or so, I'd guess.
Why on earth did you even have anything to do with her, iat?
A stud?
You seem like a poorer middle class fellow, somewhat on the ugly side.
Does me0w speak french?
Sulla, so you really do have a bondage porn collection?
I thought that was myth.
Yeah, whatever.
These are amusing and sexy at the same time.
I love it!
I'll give you $728 for all these pictures, Sulla.
Fantastic!
The truth is, I like nothing more than pictures of bound and tormented women.
However, I prefer not to post my mailing address in the channel.
I don't know what you mean by that.
Oh, that hurts 
I'm wanking.
How could I not?
All these photographs of naked women tied up!
It's paradise, from my perspective.
I have never, ever smoked.
I probably should.
I don't have an addictive personality.
Explain!
I'm addicted to little.
Just alcohol and that girl from work's ass.
Not others, women.
I only want to hurt females.
Please keep that straight.
Oh, that's different.
My motivation for tormenting vlad is entriely different than my motivation for tormenting, say, luisa.
me0w, dress chastly.
It's incredibly sexy.
I told you, me0w.
Dress chastly.
It will draw guys like you can't believe.
The white bra is a good idea.
When I see a white bra, my instinct is to assume it was displayed on accident, becuause my tendancy is to feel whitebraclad people are pure and innocent.
she had a blue bra, it was lovely.
I hate  it now, though I loved it then!
Oh god, she looked lovely in it.
seethrough should be hyphenated.
Quite right, bc.
There are many truths, in this modern age.
are there just 20 in a pack/?
iat, I've never smoked.
Sulla, I feel crap.
Pass out?
What nonsense.
I took a nap, that's all!
Or maybe I was taken by a nap.
Yes, I passed out.
And why the fuck is there bondage pornography on my screen!
From adequacy.
org, no less!
Hmm, looks like a project and I use the term loosely by bc and me0w.
Well, Sulla.
My head really hurts 
Not that I know of.
It doesn't feel like it.
Sulla, stop 
I don't need any inquisitions right now, or any of your endless lectures.
I thought Quick Star was on Vlad's side.
Who posted them?
My heads hurting because of alcoholism, Sulla.
Right.
And sometimes abstaining gives me a headache.
Is perdida really into BSDM / watersports/ felching?
Hello, folks.
Feeling alright, me0w?
0822 <ADB> Is all the shit about you contacting a lawyer true Lockwood?
0825 <ADB> 'Ello
He's also in the secret antiVladinator channel.
I'm sure you are still drunk.
You were utterly wasted just a few hours ago.
0127 <me0w> I was goood tnite
0128 <me0w> I didn't kiss any girlss
Or my favorite
0118 <me0w> I had some vodka
0118 <me0w> but it was in a tasty bottle
0118 <me0w> althoug ist didn't staste like pranges
Maybe I've been passing those logs on, bc.
Maybe I've been making those posts to trolltalk!
My dislike of Vladinator is no secret, and there is that mysterious fourth phone boy.
It was you, then?
I feel ill 
Thank you, me0w, you're kind.
What about people with no feet?
lo, folks.
Nice work there, silla.
I think I'm about ready to go out.
I'm going to get some pizza and headphones.
My old headphone broke on Friday 
Decent and inexpensive is what I'm looking for.
Another thing I'd like it mine, but have no idea how to check, is that they be relatively quiet to other people.
Because it always breaks?
I'm trying to impress Jodie Foster, bc.
First_Incision, I disagree.
It should've had less talking and more shooting, though.
I couldn't stand the elfwoman in LOTR.
Liv Tyler, First_Incision.
She annoys me.
No way.
She was painful.
I voted on it.
Is that close enough?
Why did you feel it necessary to emphasize the rather obvious fictional character of the committee?
I think it would've been more humorous without the fictional, but that's just me, I guess.
Amherst was pronounced the safest city in the United States.
You're geh gay.
Taking up voyeurism as a hobby, bc?
Like, say, next door?
Dammit.
Are we for or against cluster lizards?
Cluster lizards, likely.
What do you need a telescope for at all?
I don't.
I have hatred.
Uh, no.
Actually, you suck.
I'm not a hater!
Everyone, quiet.
I just did.
Well, you're right.
I think the Internet was spying on us.
The Internet is maintaining its innocence, despite the fact that it knew about sid 20721.
I'd like to show you my Obsession 30.
heh heh
That would actually be a great name for a dildo.
me0w uses a 28 dildo, so you know the market is there.
The length, First_Incision, of course.
Don't be absurd.
Who would have use for a 30 inch diameter dildo?
Whatever.
I think Jin uses a 6 dildo.
I don't think I said anything like that.
luisa has a 36 black rubber abomination, but all she does is whine at it about how she can't find a good guy.
Like silver.
A few zealous Hitler Youth smashing up a few shops  is worse than the Jews infiltrating the entire planet with an invisible noosphere.
Aliens took it for us.
I think I need some beer.
Hello, dear girl.
What do you expect, em?
Every single time you go in there, you annoy them.
Why should they ever unban you?
When you finally rid your home of an obnoxious fly, how long do you wait before allowing it back in?
It's an absurd question, really.
Yes, the whole channel.
Everyone in that channel hates you, em.
You have no legitimate reason to be in there.
No, not just a couple of ops.
He does!
em tries his hardest to be an irritating prick while in #k5.
You're also an irritating prick.
Banning you was the best use of operator powers ever.
Oh shut up, really.
You tried to be a pain, succeeded, and got banned.
I don't want to hear it.
haw haw
Moron.
Very well.
That baldface lying is what irritated them, and you know it.
Do you remember what?
Maybe luisa will kiss your toes better, if you ask.
If this doesn't calm down soon, you may have to take drastic measures.
bah, cider is a girly drink.
uh, yeah.
I'm going to work on being less tempermental.
I figure I could cut back by half and still have the title of most tempermental #adequacy regular well in the bag.
Or maybe I'm just an ass everyone.
everwhere
Or maybe as the fourth phone boy, I make it my mission to wreak havoc on the workings of Vladequacy.
Yes, I am.
However, I knew you wouldn't believe me, so saying yes did not constitute an admission, thus, you are wrong to exclude the possibility that I might be the phone boy.
And that's why I'm safe to operate with impunity while you ban spy bots.
ha, the very notion makes me laugh.
hahahaah
Earlier, that xx character had come to warn you all of the mole hiding amongst you, but you banned him as a spy bot!
Oh, the irony.
I got myself a bacon sandwich and a cider.
What are you talking about?
I'm not a girl.
Teenage girls?
Hello, me0w.
Leave me alone.
Oh, you needn't, bc.
Nor need you, wsl3.
Participating in a plural marriage would be an affront to my dignity.
No, I'm sure I wouldn't.
Well, it was nice knowing you, I guess.
Seen one meteor, you've seen them all.
I would like to think that luisa is doomed to unhappiness!
I'm afraid that it might not be true, though.
I found happiness in a bottle.
Maybe you should stop wanking, luisa.
Yeah, I'll agree with that.
What's the point of being with someone if you're not a better man?
Being a better man is the only point there is, fool.
Or like a pothead.
One or the other.
Right.
Right now, I'm typing this line of text and, uh, hating.
Always hating.
But I'm nice to look at, at least.
Pretty, almost.
Hell I do, luisa.
I'm done with romance!
Not meatloaf, please 
Well, if some woman wants to make me pastrami sandwiches, I've no principled objection.
Well, why would I?
Over pastrami sandwiches?
It's not like I can't make my own, you know.
It's OK.
She'd be homely and motherly.
See, there's no reason a pretty, gracious girl would make me pastrami sandwiches, so I'm safe.
I can cook well enough to evoke feelings of amazement from people, First_Incision, but it's so much work 
You sound like a real freak, Boiler.
If Boiler and Vladinator somehow mated, the offspring would lust after hideously ugly hyperobese girls.
Not literally.
Odd tastes?
Bad taste.
No, because he claims to prefer fatties.
He should be honest with himself.
As opposed to all the other natural words.
I finished making dinner.
Apple sorbet?
That doesn't sound good.
Aww, just like you, sweet little peach.
Would you go out with him for $500?
I'm sorry if I gave the impression that I hated girls.
I am not 6'6 or scummy most of the time!
I'm much shorter than that, and I shower daily.
You've never encountered a woman, Boiler?
luisa is right, though.
I dislike only one girl.
I more than dislike her.
I hate Eve, mother of this race.
I can never forgive her for damning us all.
Strangely absent.
Then maybe I'm not a Christian, First_Incision.
You know, the Christians didn't invent Eve.
Right, Boiler.
Adam was just a man!
He couldn't comprehend consequences.
It was Eve's job to keep him out of trouble.
Instead, she lead him to it!
I've never understand why Lucifer promised Eve what he did.
Were it tasked to me to tempt Eve, I think I would've told her that the fruit would make her butt look smaller.
I'm well aware of that.
I pity many women, actually.
They're clearly curious and eager to learn, but they've been taught that intellectual aggressiveness is unbecoming.
So they just look and long.
Supposing that's true, it's no reason to condition certain elements to avoid intellectual activity.
bc, you're trolling.
It's not an excuse at all.
It's worse than that, bc.
The environment in which you were formed determines what you want.
Yes, and the reason you are what you are is because of your formation.
We've had this conversation before, though, and you either can't or won't understand.
You are a biological automaton, crafted by genetics and chance.
Whatever, bc, we're boring poor ubu.
bc is apparently not intelligent either.
ubu, I'm convinced that the question you just asked is hopelessly vague.
Explain homosexuals, then, luisa!
See, it is all about sex.
Well, yes to your first question, but only because I doubt the universe is deterministic.
People exert an influence on their surroundings.
What distinguishes a free influence from other sorts of influence?
Oh, that's very Reidlike of you.
No, I don't think that human beings are the ultimate cause of anything at all.
That isn't clear to me.
You really are causing your hands to type these words, after all.
It's just that your constitution determines your mental set, and your constitution is outside of your control.
It doesn't have a will at all, I expect.
Really, I don't see the difference between a free will and a nonfree will.
It seems clear that we have wills, though.
Could a being with a will be convinced that their actions were determined?
Perhaps intellectually, but it seems they would have to at least feel free.
ubu, a will is the ability to intend.
I don't know.
I think an intention has a certain selfreflective element.
I have no idea if computers have that.
My suspicion is that they do not, but I don't have any reason to think that.
I don't see any reason to think there is one, and the idea rubs me the wrong way.
What explanatory work is your soul doing?
ubu, it just seems like a complicated, confusing notion that's not pulling its weight.
We don't need a soul to do that, though.
Plenty of deterministic processes appear nondeterministic because of their complexity.
I don't know anything about that.
It strikes me as absurd, though.
There's nothing wrong with being carbon and water.
So animals have souls too?
Oh, the human brain is unique in that its hooked to a soul.
I don't think raw human intellect really does exceed the animal's by that much.
I think it's just communication and social structures that do the trick.
Well, not now.
bc, I think there are several crucial inventions that allow a species to take off like human beings have done.
Symbols are one, i'm sure.
The other is war!
4war
I can't think of any others, so I'll agree with you for now.
Symbols are the only one.
War is not a symbol, though.
Well, ubu, symbols don't do anything in and of themselves.
You have to use the symbols.
It isn't appreciation of symbols, ubu, it's the ability to association complex ideas with a symbol.
Of course it presupposes the ability to create complex ideas.
I expect any creature with a reasonably sized brain can do that.
Without symbols, though, any thought quickly becomes far too complicated.
That's why dogs eat poo, out of frustration with the difficulty of thought.
Try apprehending a reasonablysized sentence without the use of mental placeholders.
You'll understand the pooeating.
I wouldn't.
It seems like a horrible waste of time.
It'd by like Pacific islanders going about constructing a skyscraper.
Come on, guys, you've a few steps between here and there!
I'm sorry, but I'm not an AI researcher.
I'd have trouble building a hut, too.
Call it NiggerMan, ubu.
Call it GAI.
That sounds like gay and stands for GAI Artificial Intelligence!
SO CLEVER.
That's not bad.
Not good, but not bad.
Call it Luisa.
Combine all my ideas and call it Luisa Gay Space Nigger.
Woohoo!
Sorry, bc, but it'll be good to have you dead.
No hard feelings, old bean.
Why, hello, fairest gay space nigger of all.
Does that cheer him up?
I like the word nigger.
I was hurt to discover that you weren't an ugly Indian too, ubu.
That it was just a lie.
Would it have been better had you been able to have your orgasm on my face when I learned of your nonugly Indianess, ubu?
luisa, I'm a god damn Indian, for fuck's sake.
I don't think anyone is racially inferior to me.
I just like the word nigger.
I'm 15/16ths Indian, though.
I just barely escaped a life of alcoholism on the reservation.
I'm 15/16th indian and 1/16th african, actually.
I have a great, great grandfather from Sudan.
Basically, I'm mostly alcoholic, with just a touch of criminal.
Squirt her full of halfUK babies, ubu!
Yeah, and bc is savage, too.
Chery trees don't lose their leaves in the spring.
Come on.
I prefer to grunt.
No way to misunderstand that.
Haven't you looked it up by now?
I think that grunting made the other people in the channel horny.
Or maybe I should've just said the people in the channel.
Ice doesn't have any protein in it.
Was it an ice burger?
That's a lot of semen, ubu.
I would think a single women would need scores of guys.
Of course, I don't see why it would need to be human semen.
I imagine livestock semen mostly goes to waste, anyway.
luisa, I'm sure a healthy cornfed bull's semen would be quite palatable.
I think doing it by hand would take too long, if it was to be used as foodstuff.
The ingredients in semen include sperm, fructose, water, ascorbic acid Vitamin C, citric acid, enzymes, protein, phosphate and bicarbonate buffers, and zinc.
Well, damn.
No complex carbohydrates, though, or fat.
What happens to unused semen, anyway, First_Incision?
It can't be good indefinitely, surely?
No, what happens to it in the body.
Assuming it isn't used.
Oh, that makes sense.
Having a resident medical expert has made #adequacy a better place.
Welcome back, bc!
Nix the bit about testing and antiaging cream.
If only women would submit.
I'd have someone to make me pastrami sandwiches!
Don't insult our medical expert.
My apartment has a whale semen furnace.
No, it's a retro touch of sort.
They're coming back into style.
I don't, bc.
I have it delivered.
I doubt semen would burn, actually 
One would have to.
As you know from experience, I'm sure, bc.
I hate sexylosers.
It's one of the few web comics that I actively dislike.
ubu, calm down.
There's no need for such harsh, unprovoked attacks.
I think you need to take a time out, ubu.
Go cool your heels.
Did they that time?
on wheels
Steel wheels, rollin' over you.
Stop erasing it.
We want to hear from your fingers.
Ain't that the truth.
bc may be softer, but the ground is more trustworthy.
Take your pick, I suppose.
It wouldn't sound like bc, though.
The voice would be harsh and mechanical instead of drunkenly slurred.
bc, I actually never get drunk.
I just made all that up!
hahahaha
Man, what a chump.
ubu, he thought I was actually a drunk!
They make 'em naive on the other side of the pond, that's for sure.
Night!
That's the real question.
That strikes me as inappropriate.
I should hope she doesn't.
You're kidding me.
That's perverse.
I don't care what other girls do, luisa, I still hold out some hope for you 
I don't think he wants to.
I don't.
Well, that's why I'm glad I don't go out.
I never go out, and that's still probably more than I should.
They don't wear any underwear at all?
That's gross, too.
It really seems like it should be Glasgowian.
Silly Scotts.
It's always about Catholics and Germans.
Nobody ever gives us Indians a chance.
I practice the religion of my my forefathers.
Get a room, really.
You've always had a soft side.
Lord knows I like kicking people out of my bed.
I was being sarcastic.
I actually prefer to go to bed in peace.
Of course.
How else could I have any peace?
Maybe I'm tired.
The joke is obvious, but I can't quite work out how to make it.
Regardless, bc, a wife does not provide companionship and love.
Even if she did, though, I would not be interested.
Solitude is best.
Oh, I didn't mean that I intended to be perfectly alone for the rest of my dies.
That was an odd slip.
I mean simply that I won't have a complement, male or female.
No, Lumpen.
I will have acquaintances, colleagues, and perhaps even friends!
I have realized that I never wanted real human companionship.
I felt, however, that it was required of me.
That if I refused it, I was in the wrong.
I've decided otherwise.
You can go your own way, I'll go mine.
Lumpen, Fleetwood Mac.
I don't care, bc.
Being known is overrated.
What is it?
Look, quit wasting my time.
You said you had a job; what is it?
I'll be frank with you.
I'd feel more comfortable working for a man who could at least spell his pitch correctly.
Who all will be on this space machine?
When you say the machine is large, do you mean large in the sense that a bathtub is when you try to move it up three flights of stairs?
It must have robots to do all the real work, then?
If you did send the assistant, and I tired of her, could I smack her on the head with a wrench and stick her in a cryotube?
Before answering, keep in mind that since I'll be millions of miles away, the only legitimate reasons for saying no would be the absense of wrenches or cryotubes from the vessal.
Anyway, a Reality Sysfunction, Dysfunction, or whatever sounds fun.
Just what is it?
Am I to write an essay about the qualitative feel of the Reality D|Sysfuntion?
That's all that the robots wouldn't be able to do for you.
I'll just smoke loads of opium.
I'll have a Reality Sysfunction whether there's anything out there or not!
Oh, something to contrast it to?
Right.
It'll be like meeting Col.
Kurtz in Apocolypse Now.
Oh, I'll be hostile.
I'll have gone quite mad!
I'll have the robots build me a cloning laboratory.
I'll clone my assistant endlessly, bathing in the blood of one of her clones ever morning.
That's madness for you.
I'll also clone myself to make an army.
Then I will come back.
I will return with the Dysfunction's technology.
Indeed, I will perform an ancient, black ritual to absorb his essense into myself.
bc, I'm not stupid.
They won't be perfect clones.
They'll be bred for loyalty and obediance.
obedience
I'm going to start calling this stupid Reality Malfunction Kurtz.
It's shorter.
bc, guess.
No, I was going to offer my services to the UN.
hahaha!
That was just a bit of geopolitical humor, you know.
After absorbing Kurtz, I can't predict what my motivations and desires will be.
I will have become a transcendent demihuman!
That's why it will never see it coming.
Anyway, I'll have the advantage of bathing every day for years in the blood of a virgin.
Try to tell me that won't tip the scales my way.
Yeah, I'll make sure of that.
How's it going to happen, really?
Come on.
You've watched too much bad SciFi.
It seems, yes, because you can't imagine discipline.
You say that like it's a decadent act.
Anyway, it sounds to me like you're planning on sending me to my death.
You've been assuming all along that Kurtz would swallow me alive!
I'm perfect for it.
Kurtz will just love my hellish spacefaring kingdom of depravity, I know it.
Right.
So how long will it take me to get there?
OK, but how long?
Damnation.
That isn't nearly long enough.
Say, do we have time travel?
Suppose I needed to get somewhen really, really early?
Would that be possible?
Excellent.
I need twenty billion years.
I need to prepare myself to face Kurtz.
I need to build up civilizations, races, and species, all to feed my lust for power!
I need to consume planets, stars, entire galaxies!
Pardon?
That would be disappointing, but I see no way out of it, if that's the case.
I can't very well not go be Kurtz, since apparently I do 
But if I do, I end up with no one to face.
I blame you, bc.
And I'm coming for you.
Get me up in that space ship, quick.
I don't want to be here when I get here.
Are you a robot or a sharpfaced insecure girl?
Or option #3, a big fat liar?
Well, you can't come back.
If you go back with me, it's possible that you become kurtz, so you're running away from yourself.
The net result is that your entire existence becomes that of extreme wussiness.
Stupidity, too, then.
Running away from your own good self.
Geeze, bc, get a backbone.
Don't be a baby.
Just for once stand up to your fears.
I think you are.
If you stay here, what are the odds you'll get offed?
If you go with me, what are the odds I'll off you?
I'm going to do my damndest, for sure.
Well, look at it this way, then.
If you get on that space ship, I am going to kill you, whether or not I'm Kurtz.
However, I might not be Kurtz at all, in which case you're perfectly safe staying here.
In fact, I think it very likely that I just fly back in time, land on a planet, and get sick and die or some such rot.
It doesn't seem at all obvious!
You just made that up.
Look, you take the backup spaceship.
Maybe we can meet back up here and have a big fight.
After we're both massively powerful superintelligences, we'll have a battle.
We'll tell luisa that the battle is about her.
That'll make her feel good.
Why don't we schedule the battle for next week?
Of course, it would be just like me to show up early and blast your space ship as it took off!
Of course, after billions of years, I may forget which one is your and which is mine.
Interesting.
You're supposed to be good, though.
That's not what being good is.
As much as it pains me to admit it, if good is going to have a representative, it will have to be me.
What the point of it all if I can't bath in the blood of cloned virgins!
Blast it all!
You will pay for this.
My weapons will be crafted in the very forges of Elysium.
Divine wrath will drive my blade into your black heart!
I didn't say anything about steel.
None of it matters, bc.
When I cast my lot with goodness, I assured my victory.
There were ancient powers in place long before the singularity, and with them I am allied.
But you don't.
You do what it takes to remain independent.
But by doing so, you've damned yourself.
Even if that were so, will your defeat be rich and full?
I can tell you now that you won't think it such when it finds you.
Regardless, I need to rest up, so I can perform lots of fantastically good deeds tomorrow.
ahahahaha
I'm having leftovers for dinner.
Leftovers.
You should've cooked more last time.
Everything original that there was to write has already been written.
The only viable form of writing left is the review.
So review something.
That will become necessary before long, Lumpen, once all the reviews are written.
The natural progression will lead to reviews of such publications.
Find out which criticism of reviews is best for you.
An Appraisal of Contemporary Review Criticism
I feel refreshed.
The world had gone stale for a moment, but everything has opened back up again.
I realized that we would never run out of things to write.
Indeed.
I'm guessing booze.
Go figure.
I don't know about that.
I'd guess a woman didn't jumpt to serve some slight whim and now he's all pissy.
Anyway, I've been telling all of you for years now that men and women should be kept apart.
Good man.
That they do.
Yeah, I was going to object.
It's not as though bc gets laid.
Black people, crazy.
And IRC essays.
Don't forget those.
Doesn't it bother you that you're merely adopting my position, bc?
Don't you want to be original?
He already found a woman, but is too cowardly to talk to her.
She's just a lustful fuckslut, too.
bc, if I killed off 99.
99% of the world's population, would I become fantastically happy, then?
Interesting.
I likewise am involved with a good woman.
I'm the least demanding person I know.
I demand nothing at all!
I forbid you to think I'm beautiful \
bc, you're being a coward.
Cut it out.
If you keep being spineless, you might as well be one of the living dead.
What are you going to do, skulk around in the shadows for the rest of your days, looking in on the life you want?
You're not in purgatory.
Purgatory is suffering that leads to redemption.
You, sir, have placed yourself in limbo.
You're not going to go to hell.
Stop talking like that.
Just a thought.
If you cultivate open relationships, you needn't worry about cheating.
I'm not being an ass.
It's true, one can't cheat when in an open relationship.
I'm polyamorous, bc.
Why didn't you, shoeboy?
5'7 isn't too short.
Aww, don't hurt his feelings, luisa.
What do you mean you don't hurt feelings?
I'm sure you do a lot.
Well, bc, she's an icy bitch.
By her own admission!
She's described herself as an iceheart.
Ice is not soft and warm.
I'm not buying it, luisa.
I think you're a coldhearted slut.
My heart is made of flesh and love.
And some gold.
I think we just established that yours is made of ice.
An iceheart is not a heart shielded by ice.
That would be an iceshielded heart.
I remain unconvinced.
I'm a tender, sensitive person, and every time I talk to you, I get the chills 
You're just cold and creepy.
Please, bc, don't bring that up.
Not so, but I am unnerved when a reptile feigns affection.
One has to wonder what the creature wants so much.
To affect a fauxhuman manner, and all.
All I know is that luisa makes me feel small and cold, I start at shadows, and my mind begins to cloud with faint tendrils of distant dread whenever I talk to her.
Well, I was lying.
I'm tender and sensitive, but I have a problem with the truth 
Whatever that means, bc.
I'm just a simple fellow.
Well, if the truth will set me free, why would I give it away?
So I can be enslaved?
That seems foolish.
I don't think I'm a hypocrite.
I just said that talking to luisa makes me feel creeped out, and it does.
Where's the hypocricy?
So, I'm guilty of some complex hypocrisy.
Unfortunately, I'm just a simple fellow.
Did I suggest anything of the sort, bc?
I merely said that luisa makes me feel creepy, and she does.
Eating a lemon peel makes my mouth feel bad, but does that mean there's something wrong with the lemon peel?
I would expect not.
At the very least, the simple fact that I state that lemon peel makes me feel bad does not imply a judgement about lemon peel on my part.
I didn't ever say that she needed to change.
I was making valueneutral observations.
No, I said it made me feel bad.
That's not the same.
Scroll up.
Haha, you lose.
And I do.
However, that's not a value judgement.
It's simple a description.
I think she's cruel and reserved while at the same time being physically promiscuous.
You are by my standards.
My standards aren't wrong.
That doesn't even make any sense.
They're just standards, like everyone else's.
She's not, though, bc 
She's had sex with three men.
Three and four tenths men, to be precise.
Well, I don't know what to think.
At other times she's claimed to have had sex.
I suppose it was foolish for me to take her at her word!
bc, you're still have trouble with valueneutral statements, aren't you?
Hell, I might lie ten times as much as luisa|, but as a point of fact, it was foolish of me to take her at her word regarding her sexual history.
Whether or not I lie makes no difference at all.
Well, I'd be foolish to trust your word too, bc.
Sorry, old bean.
Well, because he lies a lot?
I don't know how many times he's complained about being unable to stop lying.
It's quite a few, though!
Obvious to you, I'm sure, bc.
Whatever.
Like I said, to the best of my knowledge, I would be foolish to take you at your word.
And I'm not foolish.
Well, then I'm a foolish liar.
You can't really be too hard on me.
Really, this is silly.
It's well established that we can't trust each other, so let's just drop it.
Making more statements that the other can't believe will help nothing, I'm sure.
That's nice.
Who are you talking to?
Pontificating, as usual.
I want some candy, but haven't any.
What does your program do, bc?
bc is only somewhatgeek.
Can't be done.
Oh, I'm sure, pb, but Can't be done is my standard copout.
It gets me out of a lot work.
luisa is a fractal, as am I.
bc is not.
nor is pb.
me0w is.
A pity monitors just turn themselves off these days when not in use.
There are so many screensavers out there.
My monitor is over four years old.
Yeah, because recursion is really fast.
I get to program in the very lamest language ever at work!
It's building character.
PL/SQL
Have you used it?
I'm not paid riduculously well, just well, but I don't have to spend that much time with it.
I'd much rather use visual basic than pl/sql.
PL/SQL arrays are too hard to use, so you just don't bother.
VB isn't bad at all, it's just verbose.
But they're willing to pay for the DB?
I use Perl a fair amount to, and a very tiny bit of VB.
I enjoy Perl.
One thing I want to be able to do in Perl, though, but can't, is pop the call stack back to a particular point and then resume with a new subroutines.
Perl only lets you do that one deep.
I don't know why I need more, but it frustrates me 
I know.
I used a blessed closure to do actual encapsulation in Perl!
It was thrilling.
And that's the best way to do that, pb.
It is.
I don't buy that, First_Incision.
I understood pb's Perl.
Better than I understand his English.
print 1.
10;  < why perl is best.
press ctrlu, luisa|.
Wait, no.
luisa|, I mean ctrlL
Get rid of the line.
CtrlL toggles the red line.
It's marked to the last place you looked, or something.
It's to help you pick up after you leave and come back.
No problem.
I never miss her until she's gone ~
That really wouldn't make very much sense, would it, pb?
Yeah, MySpecialInteger.
AddMySpecialInteger, MyOtherSpecialInteger;
It helps if your editor will do completion for you.
An overloaded Add method.
Intriguing!
Also, I like AUTOLOAD.
I just remembered that.
In Perl.
If you've an AUTOLOAD subroutine in the referenced package, it gets called if a nonexistent sub is called.
So, instead of having a million SetCraps and GetCraps, you could just use AUTOLOAD and do it on the fly.
Not that I would do that, of course.
heh heh.
I don't even know how to program 
I work at a help desk.
You do need a good viewer, since you have the largest bondage porn collection of anyone in this channel.
It was in your directory.
Did you delete it?
They're in your home directory.
I'm not criticizing.
I love bondage pornography.
Mind if I download it all?
Thanks!
Well, damn.
I think I'll be up all night.
Are you working on a bondage pornography viewer?
Yes, you do!
Hey folks.
Hey folks.
I think it's time to get wasted.
I guess I'll find out, hey?
Annoying.
yoni, you should get wasted too.
I will, that bitch.
Have you ever tried it?
Well, it is horrible, but it's horrible in a way that makes you want to keep doing it again and again.
Understand?
It's like falling in love, having a passionate affair, and getting dumped, all in one evening.
It's a rollercoaster!
Steady there, girl.
That's a good idea, but everything is scary.
What do you do while all alone, if not abuse drugs?
Hence the nineteenth centurystyle capitalization of important Words.
Well, you thought wrong.
Not sorry enough!
I could tolerate some spicy homemade chili, though!
Anyone up for it?
Willard Scott Lockwood the feckin' third.
It's g&t time!
Geez, luisa, Vlad's brilliant trolling is all over the Internet.
Look anywhere.
luisa, you're Texan.
You should be able to make me some good chili.
Excellent.
Get that little ass in the kitchen, luisa, and make me some chili.
50's music is all crap.
Forget about it.
Abandon the stupid project.
And why not?
I mean.
That's too bad.
yoni, natural conversation doesn't usually contain essays.
Just saying, you know.
Could it be because bc also speaks in essays?
bc was gallus@cloaked.
porcupine.
dialup.
uk  Despite all my rage.
yoni is kissmequic@cloaked.
monkey.
dialup.
uk  Despite all my rage.
I wonder how many use Despite all my rage.
as their IRCName.
And use dialup.
It is not, yoni!
Also yoni was gallus@cloaked.
monkey.
dialup.
uk  Despite all my rage.
Issue the command /whowas yoni
To see that.
Oh give it up, nutter.
We're on to you!
Your typical slopiness has once more wrecked your plans.
sloppiness
That's just what bc would say.
I could be.
bc is yoni, though, clearly.
That I could so clearly divine that through my present drunken state is indicitive of how bad a job he does.
Thanks, Rand!
See, bc is always using to when he should use than.
luisa, bc and I go way back.
I don't follow him around, though.
I think he follows me around!
Using fake names, hoping I won't notice.
That's one explanation.
More plausibly, perhaps, when you spend months and months talking to someone, you start to notice their little speech peculiarities.
Given the amount of time I've spent talking to bc, I think it would be strange if I could easily recognize him by the way he talks.
couldn't
Perhaps you're just inattentive, luisa.
Thankfully I'm not either.
I can only watch someone substitute to for than so many times before it becomes burned into my mind.
It's such a grating error.
I like grammar.
I may be obessively in love with grammar; I'll admit that.
But I'm also intoxicated and can't spell.
I'm a lot smarter than you, Vlad
Also, I have the aesthetic sense to abhor fat women.
What absurdity.
Why would I want a woman suited for childbirth?
This planet has quite enough people already, I'm sure.
You think there aren't enough people?
I do not want a world filled with Lockwoods.
Unfortunately, the less desirable elements of society seem to be the most prolific breeders.
The economically challenged , undereducated laboring classes seem to produce more children than any other demographic.
Still, it's unfortunate.
The reason our society can't shake poverty and ignorance is because so many children are born of inferior breeding stock into households such as the Lockwood's.
I'll ignore your first claim as patently absurd, and address the issue of education.
What you apparently fail to realize is that Catholicism is an outmoded superstition, rendered obsolete by scientific and social advances.
You're telling me that you are going to render your children ignorant and backward by any contemporary standard.
Trolling?
Oh please.
It can't have escaped you that Catholicism is a decayed and archaic institution.
You know, I meant to, but stuff came up.
You know how it is.
Maybe some other time.
So you practice your five sacraments, like any good Catholic?
Baptism, Eucharist, Confirmation, Penance, and Matrimony are the five practiced by most Catholics.
Extreme Unction is for the dying.
And Holy Orders is for priests.
I didn't need to.
I know my sacraments pat!
I'll admit, though, I had to rack my brain to remember that matrimony was on the list 
I know nothing at all about Mormonism.
I don't see why a convert can't be a zealot.
Yeah, unless.
So who was killed?
NonMuslims?
Burning alive with fire, lust, what?
Worry not, luisa, I'm here.
Also, it's |V.
I think it's amusing that they think it's OK to riot and kill, but not OK to have a beauty pageant.
That's why religion is so great.
The complete absurdity of it all.
Yes, because Muslims are just so different than other religious people.
I wonder how many people have been killed for religious reasons.
Even if there is a god, I'm sure he'll forgive us for disbelieving in him out of sheer utility.
Well, is there any way to not kill him?
Ah, I follow.
I don't think it matters, though.
There haven't really been that many people eaten by cannibals, all in all.
luisa, write about articles.
Is so.
Between definite and indefinite articles are implied and explicit ones, you've got a good article.
luisa, write about virii, boxen, and such.
I demand it.
God damn it, luisa, not you too.
I haven't even figured out what fora is supposed to be, yet.
Oh, right.
Write about how truth is linguistic conventions.
Write about how anything is a linguistic convention, really.
Explain that electronic music is a linguistic convention.
It stands to reason, since I'm interesting.
It's in Colorado, oddly enough.
I've been thinking about moving to Alabama.
You should ask around.
They were probably contaminated with industrial effluence and had to be closed.
Damn capitalism.
Move to Alabama with me, zikzak.
She'd have to be, to move that far.
In Colorado Springs?
Either that, zikzak, or the rest of the human race collectively insinsts on you living alone.
I should've stayed with my parents.
What kind of question is that?
Whose parents are hot?
No ones, surely.
Mothers just aren't attractive.
Stop it.
The mother of one of my colleagues, would have cleared it right up.
They become unhot, zikzak.
That's what.
Only if she's unmarried and childless.
I don't know who that is.
Don't be deceived by the camera.
Damn stupid Google.
She doesn't even strike me as hot.
Hello, elby.
Terrorists are at war with beauty now?
Write about being in love, luisa.
K5ers have all been in love.
zikzak, I don't know what a Fellini movie is, and I couldn't think less of you =
You're quite safe.
Hey, he was a senator.
That's more than you've done.
I want to be a senator.
I actually want to be President.
That's what I meant, but I felt it was too blasphemous to say.
Yeah, you'd get all greek style, for sure.
What sort of implants?
I'm thinkinng that luisa could use some weapons implants.
Lasers in her forearms and what not.
Either that or be a poor but honest farmhand.
Rich men respect those.
When I'm a god, I'm going to give everyone in this channel $100 US.
No, gods have powers.
Like superpowers, but moreso.
I'll keep in mind that em is easily bought.
The horror director?
There's no sense in trying to convince a foolish young girl that the object of her affection is unworthy.
Get a room, really.
Well, it's late, so you'll probably want to put on a short skirt and go buy some more in a seedy neighborhood.
Trust me.
You're a bit confused.
That's what I would be if I could somehow merge with bc so that we became a single superInternet weirdo.
Well, I'm certainly not either.
And everyone's always accusing bc of engaging in intercourse with animals.
I just assumed it must be true.
I wish we could 
We would be unstoppable!
I've a Scottish last name already.
I have British blood, in a big gallon jug.
It's in my refrigerator.
Then stop?
You certainly don't have to now.
Keeping one's genitals covered is just prudent.
You'd rather parade around nude, luisa?
Overly sweet, em.
I didn't quite understand her comment either.
That's not what cloying means.
Sorry.
Why are you complaining about wearing a turtleneck, you nut?
Put on something else, really.
Or nothing at all.
These are simple problems with simple solutions.
You can too.
Who's going to stop you?
No, it wouldn't be, and if you think it would, I suspect you're less enthralled by nudity than you let on.
You don't like it!
So let me get this straight.
You don't like wearing clothes, but you dont' like being nude either?
That's a different matter.
I'll say.
For someone who's uncomfortable with their body.
Your hangups about being nude.
Try to keep up.
What a ridiculous excuse.
I think she means that when she's nude and in bed, she can't help but masturbate.
That makes all of no sense.
Get used to the sensation of having no clothes on, if you like it so much.
It was a good movie.
How would that work?
Maybe if luisa were magnetized she could thereby be levitated.
I wonder if luisa is made of iron.
I somehow think not.
Iron is poisonous to fleshlings in large amounts, Lumpen.
She'd be long dead before enough iron were in her to successfully levitate her.
That's awfully sweet of you, Lumpen.
What would be an ideal nickname, lovely?
I have one in mind, but daren't say it.
that's quite a nickname.
OK, bye.
That's sexiness' UPC label.
That was just insulting.
Insulting a man's nickname is wrong.
She's in love, you know how it is.
Well, and the body shame.
I think so.
I'm fairly good at reading luisa.
Don't worry about it.
I once thought a woman was in love with me.
It turns out, though, that she just had a lazy eye.
You think they've eyes for you, but their eyes are just all wonky.
Oh well.
Someday I will find love.
I almost believed you weren't sitting there, reading everything we said.
I'm talking to elby.
luisa probably has trouble taking a shower.
She probably showers clothed.
Texan sheets must be different, zikzak.
Around these parts, sheets are soft, light affairs.
Try this, then.
Tonight, wear 2/3 of what you normally would to bed.
I'm going to wear boots and a sombrero.
Can anyone guess what sort of sombrero?
Oh yes.
Mine is a large, orange novelty sombrero.
Right.
I'm wearing my boots and sombrero right now.
And that's all.
I feel fantastic!
I second what em said.
I'm too lazy to come up with an original complaint, though.
Why is that funny?
I've been called inhuman more than once.
Call me an hombre.
Yes, dammit.
momocrome, sir does have a certain appeal.
Guy seems great, from my perspective.
I'm a woman.
If I knew how to say penisbiter in Mexican, I'd be happy.
How many words does one language need for fucker?
That's real progress, Lumpen.
alt  065 is a wild one.
I'll do it, luisa|, but it will cost you.
zikzak, are these girls 1819?
Then yes, it's wrong.
Very wrong.
I've never seen that film.
I'm a 4Red, Lumpen.
Communism isn't down for the count, stupid Amerikan.
Well, luisa|, you don't have anything I want 
You know who does what?
Did you just quite the Spice Girls?
Stop that.
I think you know.
Did you get Ginger?
Baby, and Sporty.
Scary was the fifth.
I wouldn't have gotten Posh, luisa|.
Like I read the news!
luisa, you might get in trouble.
Or you might not.
Hell, anything can get you in trouble these days.
Imagine all that air touching your skin!
Heaven forbid, and it has.
Then do it, luisa|.
You'd catch a cold!
Of all the absurd excuses.
You don't actually catch colds from being cold, silly girl.
It's a virus.
Who is they?
What in blazes are you watching?
You're not going to get a cold.
The snifflies from being cold are entirely unrelated to the snifflies of being infected with the cold virus.
Then come in every twenty minutes and have some hot chocolate.
luisa, I've noticed a pattern.
You claim to want to do something, but you have some absurd excuse about why you can't.
What's going on?
It's absurd to suppose that you'll contract a virus from being outside for twenty minute.
Compromise.
Do it for an hour.
Anyway, you'd probably get hurt if you ran around naked all night.
We can't have that.
So it's probably best you don't, even though the cold excuse is silly.
I don't believe you'd actually go outdoors naked, luisa.
You'd be too concerned that undesirables would look at youl
Anyway, I think we can all afford wellheated living spaces, no?
What for, luisa?
luisa, cut us scary guys some slack.
Well, that's might gracious of you, luisa.
Really, they just want to ogle your ass and legs.
Is that too much to ask?
Women.
I'll never understand them.
I don't care, though.
If I ever see you, I'm going to ogle your ass like you wouldn't believe.
em, spell it phonetically, in English, please.
West coast American English.
Yes, I wear you out.
luisa, just try napping naked.
Give it a good try.
Damn it, yes.
If it's evil to try to get a girl naked, well, I just don't know.
That was wonderously trite.
The division between Europe and Asia is cultural, not geographic.
What about Russia?
Right.
Russia is European.
Two words Three words.
zikzak, yes.
OK, that last bit was a lie 
Irkutsk is full of Asian people doing Asian things.
Stupid girl.
luisa, you make me angry.
Yes, a delightful madness.
It's too bad you cling so tightly to your dull, smothering sanity.
It's really too bad you don't like penis, zikzak.
You were leaving, luisa.
They'll be gone soon.
Run along.
I have a horrid mechanical way of mocking?
What does that even mean?
You're still there, luisa, and we all know it.
I don't think of Egypt as being in Africa.
I think of it as Asian.
I didn't realize that Russia's population was so small.
I've never left the United States and I expect I never will.
And there's a lot of violence and weird food and clothing.
No thanks!
I think I'll go to Africa, make an offhand remark about a prophet, and get me and a hundred other people killed.
The end is?
You must be kidding.
But why?
I don't see how that Japanese toilet would be usable.
momocrome, I haven't tried it, but I'd be afraid of either falling over backwards or soiling myself.
momocrome, the oldstyle Japanese toilet looks easy enough to use if one is wearing no pants.
I doubt it.
I've always washed my face with soap, for years now, and never had acne.
I don't use any fancy facial cleanser, just soap.
Yeah, those japanese'll get ya.
There's a picture circulating of a Japanese girl defecating on her own face.
That's apparently common behavior in Japan.
How could defecating on one's face be part of a propaganda campaign?
Hello, bc.
luisa's blood is the blood of a cow.
Sorry.
What trade?
You don't have to look good, luisa.
It doesn't really matter.
Explain?
I disagree, but from my perspective it doesn't matter, since I always look great.
What would it gain me?
I feel fine right now, thanks, and I don't need anyone to do anything for me at the moment.
Fine, I'm dead.
What do I have to say to stop your lecturing?
I got a haircut last week!
My hair is shorter than yours.
It was getting too long, bc.
You lie.
goodbyegirl, drink too much beer and you'll get a pot belly.
Then when you try to run around nude, you'll quickly get winded.
Just something to keep in mind.
Well, is it jiggly?
There's nothing wrong with a nice, firm little potbelly.
Another note, if you stand up straight, your potbelly shouldn't be the furthest extending part of you.
Then you've nothing to worry about.
I'm guessing that your afro extends the furthest in any given direction.
Maybe he doesn't know what an afro is?
Language is like sex.
Think about it too much and you get no where.
I'm guessing that your afro extends the furthest in any given direction.
That makes sense on its own.
It means that I suppose that nothing extends further than the afro in any direction.
Apparently, everything is whithin this afro.
You ought to.
One wider than your shoulders.
You could use technology to tightly curl your hair.
Technology is quite advanced these days.
On the way home, there's a gas station advertising A clean engine runs better.
I imagine seeing that would cause em to gnash his teeth in agony as he struggled to understand what it could possibly mean.
The prof probably lied.
Right, but he probably did.
Pay attention, plz.
I think it's hypocritical of you to suggest he doing anything naked, luisa.
As long as you're beautiful on the inside, your hair doesn't matter.
Purchase four tortas and eat them all.
You would build character trying.
I don't even know what a torta is.
I don't think there are any taquerias around here.
Oh, so we do have taquerias.
Taco Bell is a popular one.
I like somewhat spicy food.
Like rice.
Or bread.
Salsa!
That stuff is dangerous.
That's greek to me.
Or barley gruel.
I've been wanting alcohol since I woke up 
I have to be somewhere later, and I can't be intoxicated.
Well, I didn't actually want a beer.
My plan was to alternate between scotch and rum until I was quite stupid, then do the vodka  schnapps trick that always half kills me.
Be more specific.
I don't want power over others.
I don't wish to coerce people into doing anything!
Perhaps.
Or maybe I'll live free of care, neither enslaved nor enslaving.
He's getting more insane all the time.
I think you're controlled by brain fever, but I don't wish to argue it.
erm, right.
luisa, you've bee nominated for person of the year.
The eat, you blasted fool.
Where?
Maybe my '' key is broke.
It's ot ay of your busiess.
My keyboard is really old and some keys are starting to require a good whack to make 'em work.
I shan't drink a drop today, though.
I may have some alcohol with dinner, actually, if its served.
Order?
I'm having dinner at my aunt's house.
Yes, I do.
No, my parents are.
That also sounds awful.
Anyway, my parents don't care if I drink, but they prefer not to have alcohol in their own home.
That seems reasonable to me.
I have three, luisa.
One I haven't seen for years and years and quite likely will never see again.
bc, is universal access to higher education good or bad?
No, when I say one has access to higher education, I mean that one could attend if one wished to.
Isn't that what the socialists states provide, like, say, Canada?
What reasons?
Look, I said that one had access if one could attend if one wished to.
Most of your people wouldn't wish to.
Right.
Well, would entirely uneducated people even wish to go?
See, that's a good point, and that's why I think higher education should be provided to everyone.
There are only so many good jobs, and there are a lot of bad ones.
We need people doing the latter, too.
I meant to say shouldn't, bc.
I make that mistake a lot 
It just wouldn't make sense to have university graduates working as clerks and laborers and what not.
And that's exactly what's going to happen here in the US, where they keep shoving more and more people into university.
It's sickening.
Most people don't need to be that educated, and most people in university just drink and fuck!
It's frustrating.
Yes, so all it's done is make the process more difficult for the people who actually do become welleducated as well as the people who hire them.
Why does that bother you?
It's probably a cute boy.
Go have your hair styled so you look pretty when your cute boy comes down.
I dislike sports.
I'd like to see football banned.
Banned.
Tobacco should be banned too.
As should fornication.
No, I've never smoked anything, actually.
I'd especially like to see fornication banned, though, and I'd like to see the ban brutally enforced.
I'd like to see everyone I dislike banned from this channel.
Well, you know.
No, no.
Maybe I don't dislike anyone 
I've secretly succumbed to luisa's grace and charms, but don't tell her.
Not when I've been drinking.
Four drinks?
You came back unable to type.
What's gross?
Maybe that wasn't you, First_Incision.
No, no.
There was just someone in here typing drunkenly, and for some reason I thought it was you, but it wasn't.
I try to do it every day, me0w.
I don't think I've lied in the last hour.
First_Incision, what did I say right after I said that, or did you miss that part?
but don't tell her.
Thanks, buddy.
No, she hasn't.
I checked.
I CHECKED
I'm not, bc.
I'm telling the truth!
You people are impossible.
You assume I'm lying, since you know I lie all the time, but your only evidence that I lie all the time is your assumptions of my dishonesty!
There's no actual grounding to any of this, it's just circularity.
That tirade was directed more at First_Incision.
Thank you.
No, it doesn't do at all.
I'm actually in love with another, though.
I hope luisa doesn't mind.
Thankfully luisa is unaware that I even exist, so I need not worry about falling into any such traps.
No, I don't think she's noticed me.
I don't blame her.
I don't stand out.
bc, can I be frank with you?
We all doubt, nay, we're all absolutely certain that you never visited Houston.
So, even if you did, it's probably best not to mention it.
Yes, yes, but we know you didn't.
I doubt that.
For the sake of concord, maybe the Houston trip should simply never be spoken of again.
Well, bc, it's patently clear that you never visited Houston.
I have trouble trusting you when it's so blindingly obvious that you're lying.
I'm sorry.
Stay out of this, luisa.
bc and I both know what that comment and diary meant, and it's nothing to do with Houston.
If I have, my soft memory must've let the recollection go.
bc, how many lies do you suppose you'll have to stack on top of each other before I trust you?
But you know I'm not.
bc, it is a cover for some game of yours.
Just like everything you say is.
bc, the simple fact is that your diary was a threat directed at me.
You were upset over my treatment of luisa.
You'd sound more sincere if you used less punctuation.
Beware of bc when he starts claiming to be genuinely anything.
I hardly think anything could lower your reputation 
He is deceitful.
Everyone knows this.
Yes, it's a big plot.
I want to drive you away from bc so I can bonk you.
Um, yes.
But I do like you.
No, I want to bonk you.
It's really that simple.
Why not?
I'm not jealous, understand, I just want to nail her.
My plan B is to have myself surgically modified to look like bc.
Fine, but I really, really want to hit luisa.
If you've another idea, I'm all ears.
I will not.
It's slang, man.
Get down with it.
Hit in the have sex with sense.
Thanks for the halfhearted support, First_Incision.
Oh come on!
I'd hit it and fill it with babies.
Is that better, First_Incision?
But I'm explicitely stating my desire to procreate!
You can't condemn that.
Lumpen, I am agitated and everything is not OK.
Haven't I been carrying on about it for the last half hour?
I want to nail luisa.
Shut up.
I don't, and I'll be quite happy if we don't get anywhere.
Do I believe that you're trying to manipulate me?
What is it?
You were getting offensive.
Hello, yoni.
bc is kissmequic@cloaked.
python.
dialup.
uk  Despite all my rage.
yoni is kissmequic@cloaked.
leopard.
dialup.
uk  Despite all my rage.
I wonder why.
To where?
All my rage is directed toward a single goal, now.
bc, hit, nail, and bonk are all slang for have sex with.
This has been explained already.
Maybe in Texas, but here in the northwest, that's what everyone says.
Well, no, the criminal underclass has its own slang.
So I guess hit and nail are just used by whitecollar, educated folks.
Fantastic.
Simply explaining my plan has caused luisa to think I'm trash, consequently making my task that much more difficult.
If I were even remotely rational, this would discourage me.
I'll take that under advisement.
I don't want her, though.
Who isn't?
You gave that up?
I remember when you were always drunk.
I thought she was trying to be British when she said it.
Confusing.
Jealously, like, Lumpen.
likely
bc is making the classic mistake of assuming that if there were a top secret program of the sort he is proposing that he would know about it.
I want to learn how to make time travel devices.
Where do I go to learn that?
bc, you have no idea what topsecret programs exist.
Just admit that.
Damn it.
For a moment I entertained the faint hope that you were admitting to not knowing.
Are there any superpowerful aphrodisiacs that the general public doesn't know about?
Could you give me some?
Just asking, you know.
Please!
Why won't you?
Come on, do me this one favor.
It won't become widespread.
I'm not going to make it at all.
I don't know how and I don't want to know how.
I'm just going to use it to have sex with you, luisa.
I don't know what deave means.
Also, I don't need the aphrodisiac, she does.
It's amazing how some people can misunderstand the simplest plan.
The dictionary disagrees, bc.
Yeah, that's what I meant, bc.
It's not possible that you were looking for cleave, and found deave by accidentl
No sir.
I don't why women need anything at all.
Women's bits function fine regardless.
Well, did he impregnate her?
Isn't that the salient question?
I take in young homeless wenches often.
Yes, get out of the house, slothful woman.
Of course you do.
You're weak and stupid!
Go get your hair styled, though; it's the right thing to do.
That certainly sounds like depression, too.
She's too depressed to be merry.
She's too depressed to be merry, though.
I don't know what to tell you, Lumpen.
That's the spirit, old bean.
I think I just did, Lumpen.
Frankly, I don't think it's a flaw of any sort if the worst, most notorious trolls don't have trusted status.
It doesn't?
It keeps your articles off the front page, hey?
I don't wish to do any of that, bc.
The larger the voting base, the less variety there will be displayed in the stories that are voted up.
If you wanted interesting stories, you'd have scoop randomly pick but a single user to vote on each story.
That would be best.
I disagree.
If comment ratings were from 04 instead of 05, I think they would start to accurately reflect the objective quality of comments.
Neuromancer
Skim the Cliff Notes to 1984, then start comparing everything you don't like to events you think might've taken place in the book.
Read something large and Russian, bc.
Read something large and French, then.
Say, Hugo.
Great Expecations bored the pants off me when I was forced to read it at the tender age of 12.
I realize that, bc, and I realized it then.
luisa, I am wealthy and could easily support us both.
You need to realize that Houston is not the place for you.
Because it isn't.
No, come to Seattle.
At least long enough for, well, yeah.
In Seattle, one can purchase fine, imported Scotch.
In Scotland, they only have domestic stuff.
Same here.
I like carpeted walk in closets.
I like to hide in mine underneath a blanket.
I'm going to shower now.
The sensation of the water hitting my flesh will be nigh unbearable, but such is the price of cleanliness.
Hello!
Maybe nature is just really miserable.
I like carpeting.
I also like clean socks fresh out of the drier.
They're required by law to check ID if the person looks under 30, or something.
I look about 18 now, though, but don't get carded.
What's reddish?
I still have some glenmorangie.
I could cancel on dinner and sit here and drink it instead.
I think you should go to dinner and I'll drink.
It's going to take me a good 40 minutes to get to mine.
Yay public transportation!
luisa, think of five words with which to describe yourself.
All must start with sh.
I'm going to go get lost trying to find my aunt's house now.
Yeah, bits of tobacco rolled up in paper.
I had some pork tonight.
And stuffed peppers.
And corn pudding, and some other stuff that I've forgotten.
And too much to drink 
Chicken?
I didn't know what I was guessing.
Do you have a new vegetarian lady firned?
friend
Why else would you be eating vegetarian food prepared such that it tasted like meat?
If I wanted to dance with you, I would've slapped you into a tight, black, sequined number.
Your comment was god.
Right, the comment you made.
I should be more understanding, but I'm not.
Nobody is here to see you oneup me, so give it a rest.
The nickname reminded me of things I didn't wish to be reminded of, at least for a while.
What's your excuse?
That's all we could come up with.
Heavens we tried to paint you in a good light, too.
If it can't be said in one line, it shouldn't be said at all.
A lesson bc could stand to learn.
He's pioneering a new communication form, the IRC essay.
I think he realizes that the lecturing essay is a dead givaway.
That didn't stop him from saying realise and such when trying to impersonate Heidi Wall.
It was riotous, really.
She doesn't.
I have.
She went to my old school.
She spoke in a very downhome American manner.
luisa's infatuated with bc?
I can't say I've noticed.
You don't believe that he went to Houston either?
I'm glad it's not just me.
I think the terrible secret that those two are holding from each other is that given the opportunity, he wouldn't want to meet her, but she would want to meet him.
Both know it, but neither want to admit it.
I think there are.
But I can't produce them.
At the time, I didn't think they would ever be of any interest, so I didn't save them.
Which comments?
I didn't notice, but what has that to do with anything?
OK, here's the story.
This was back when she first got on IRC, and was called 'carolina'.
She wasn't visiting #aq yet.
I don't think there was an #aq, I think it was still #trolls.
Anyway, we made a bet, I won, and what I got was a picture.
It was of a small, skinny black girl.
Small bust, small shoulders, narrow hips.
Pretty enough face, but nothing especially notable.
I'm inclined to think it was real.
Why not?
Clarify.
Do you think I'm lying or that the picture was fake?
It wasn't porn.
She was clothed.
Months later, she produced more clothed pictures of the same girl.
The girl in the porn pics is someone else.
Everyone knows that the girl in the porn pics wasn't her.
It was a joke/troll/whatever you want to call it.
Two girls.
One in the porn pics.
Clearly not luisa.
The other has only been seen clothed, first by me, as I recounted above.
Then by bc, and he showed me the pictures, because he's a rat bastard.
Absolutely.
Between you and me, I think she's a gay man.
I really do.
Yes, you will.
For amusement's sake.
For the children's sake?
Why not?
It's no bother.
Believing is easy.
I like believing.
All sorts of things, really, not just on the Internet.
Hello bc & Lumpen.
Burrito, please.
Beef, please, and spicy.
I didn't have a ground beef burrito in mind, but I'll eat one and describe my experience if it will make em puke.
I don't even really know where to find Mexican food around here.
Thanks, Lumpen!
Know of any decent ones?
Lumpen, you still haven't given me a Mexican restaurant recommendation.
OK, thanks.
You just woke up?
Slothful.
Hello, luisabunny.
A spicy burrito would fix you right up, momocrome.
You'll spend all your money on books and then you'll starve.
I only reade at a 6th grade level, so Chaucer is quite beyond me 
I can't even make out what's being said.
I need some socks!
I need some socks!
I can't go out without some socks!
I hope you enjoyed my song.
Can't, looking for socks.
I'm going to prowl the streets, looking for a homeless wench to victimize.
Perhaps.
Quite.
What is it?
Uh, why would I like that?
As though you didn't have your own themes that you just can't let go of!
I appear to be running out of money.
Fortunately, if I keep spending at my current rate, I will get paid long before things get tight.
I had to pay thousands of dollar's worth of loans back this month, so it was kind of sucky.
Same again next month 
I get paid much more than a farmhand and the work is easier and more interesting.
No, that's not what farmhands do.
There's a whole lot of backbreaking farming that's demanded of them.
One more essay, I swear.
My office isn't drab.
Also, I
m surrounded by fullbreasted budding young girls.
I think that protocol is valuable.
Why what?
I just remembered a joke I once heard.
Well, I'd tell you, but it's too much of a visual joke, you know.
Because, luisa, it gives me an excuse not to interact with these fullbreasted, budding females.
Even if I should, protocol forbids.
Too bad.
luisa, I'm not going to get myself fired over some fullbreasted, budding female.
I think that is what most people mean.
I don't like Flash ads.
Well, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but you'll probably get nothing but ejaculate.
I'm going to go purchase lunch now.
Does anyone want me to bring them something back?
You eat too many sweets already, luisa, and you ejactulate too much as it is, bc.
ejaculate
It's true.
bc> now wheres that whisky!
Damn it.
OK, I'm going.
Hello, bc.
Children are made of semen.
I like making spreadsheets.
That's wrong.
Is that the movie I'm supposed to see?
Maybe I'll rent it tomorrow.
Only if I can rent it for $.
40, though, since I suspect that's all it's worth.
Oh, OK.
I feel lightheaded and distracted.
Hehe, I said it like that on purpose, but I actually am.
Could be.
It's true that I love her, as a sister.
How could I not?
Goodness no.
I didn't say that I feel toward luisa exactly like I do toward my sister, did I?
No, I didn't.
I said that I love her as a sister.
Apparently.
I thought some ale would clear my head, but it's not working 
Well, it was an idea.
I can't stumble into McDonald's reeking of alcohol, ordering with slurred speech while ogling the girl behind the counter.
I have dignity.
Everyone else does all sorts of horrid things.
I had too much to drink last night, everyone did.
I maintained my dignity, though.
hehe, getting my grub.
from the chippy.
Britishisms amuse me, that's all.
Rocks won't break down in 100, 200, or perhaps even 200,000 years.
Do we fret about that, though?
I already had some eats, anyway.
I went and got my Sunday gyro.
I like McDonalds.
It's great.
I like all fast food.
Taco Bell is great, too.
I think I'll make a BLT.
Eating out is a nasty habit.
I allow myself but a single meal each week that I do not prepare myself.
By doing so, I save money, eat more healthily, and build character.
Or french fries.
French dip?
I like french dip 
What's yum?
I'm going to try to let my sisterlove for luisa show more.
Have I come across as a psychopathic stalker?
If what you say about her is true, she was probably quite put off.
Frightened, even.
I didn't say anything about torture.
Poor little thing.
I imagine my infinite capacity to say things that I neither think, feel, nor do must strike some people as odd.
You have too, you know.
You have it
That capacity.
You know that isn't true.
More that once you've complained to me about your inability to stop lying.
I've thought about looking through all my scads of logs and stringing them all together.
It's too much work, but it would be funny.
Something like <ktb> Why can't I stop lying?
bc> i can't stop lying   <anya> I always lie!
bc> when will I learn to stop lying 
And so on.
For pages and pages.
I think I need another BLT.
My head still isn't clearing, but it's not light anymore.
I think it's the Ale.
It was the most inconsistent six bottles of ale I've ever bought, though.
They were all supposed to be the same.
I quite liked some of them, but not others.
They were Alaskan Amber, actually.
Haha, no.
I didn't drink them all in one day.
I think a rum would be prudent while my bacon cooked, bc.
I can't remember the name.
Some spanish sounding Aniversary or something.
It's pretty goood in coke.
bc, does that movie have any language, violence, or sex or nudity?
I won't see it if it does.
OK, bc.
I trust you.
That is exactly what I asked.
Why do linguists have so much trouble with language, bc?
Sylvain, when someone asks whether a movie has language, they mean to inquire whether it has offensive language.
Context, my good man.
No, I'm quite serious.
Stanford has always been a secondrate university filled with firstrate egos, bc.
They mistake pedantry for scholarship.
As Sylvain is demonstrating.
What are rigs?
Hello, sweet luisalove.
What did you do during this happy night with Sylvain, bc?
Did it involve gay song and dance, bc?
Figures.
Or did you earlier?
Poor doll.
What've you done to yourself?
No wonder the little popsy's tummy hurts.
You must be more careful!
You are some kind of dessert.
A delightfully sweet and indulgent dessert!
Absolutely.
To me, a popsy is the sort of creature one just wants to play with.
Roll around in a field with!
Walk along the beach with!
Run through creekbeds with!
I suspect bc meant something more along the lines of what I'm saying.
Oh, right, you and cashmere.
Nobody said anything about rolling around on any beach.
Absolutely.
The wind can be right cruel coming off the water.
We do not, shoeboy.
Sylvain, has it been too long?
I don't own a flannel item of clothing, shoeboy.
It's only reality because you won't allow yourself anything else, Sylvain.
Your reality is what you make it.
My reality has romance, tenderness, and most of all love.
Thankfully, my reality does not include shoeboy.
I crave the exhilaration of losing myself in a girl, and she losing herself in me!
The sheer danger and adventure of it, as well as the security and tenderness.
I'm not fantasizing, Sylvain.
I'm remembering.
There's a crucial difference.
bc, that helps nothing.
Damnit, Vladinator, shut up.
Poor lamb.
Maybe you should take an ibuprofen, tiny jewel?
I think onion breath is worse.
Just saying.
And cheap booze.
ugh, sleepy
I just woke up from a nap.
I'm not drunk!
It is not my usual state.
I don't like that I have to be afraid of every single link on K5 now.
That doesn't do anything for me.
I think Proxomitron is protecting me from some of it.
Well, no.
I'm not sure an <a> tag can have an onLoad event.
I tend to think not.
I wonder if rusty will get around to fixing this.
Fluffy is wrong.
Someone made an article that votes itself up.
In the queue, check it out.
wb, sweets.
Yeah, onload can't be used in an <a> tag.
I just tried it.
Just mouse down, up, over, click.
That sort of thing.
Well, you could put an on mouse over on a <p> tag and turn your whole story into a trigger.
However, I think scoop would filter it.
The thingy they're exploiting here is specific to <a> tags.
I like American cheese best.
I like my cheese plain, bc.
It's at 53, babe.
Disgusting.
You can, Lumpen.
There are breweries in Seattle, and beer is food.
Hardly.
Everything within a day's drive is local.
That's just what it is to be local.
Why not 14 inches?
I really don't know, Lumpen.
However, what does it matter?
Because that's not local.
Geeze, this isn't complicated.
It' s a subset of what's local.
Give it a rest.
A half of a day is twelve hours, surely.
I don't think I've ever read Salon.
luisa, I'd hire you to labor in my garden.
Uh, and why not?
luisa doesn't have those same reasons.
She doesn't have an interesting, exciting, highpaying job.
Yes, she is, and that's why I'd hire her for my garden.
Is gardening menial work?
I think it's creative work.
Who's going to work in my garden?
There aren't any fullbreasted girls in my office.
Well, what girls that there are in my office are students, so it matters little.
yoni can't carry on an interesting conversation with anyone.
wsl3, have you ever seen yoni carry on an interesting conversation?
Who's the asshole?
I don't think God is a thousand times as intelligent as I am.
I don't think I care what god tells me to do.
A rabid xian?
Oh, and luisa talks about bc no less often.
It's truly touching, their young puppylove.
Good night, luisa sweetybug.
hey bc wahts up
what ar ewe talkign about
i tihnk i was akilled
wahtever tha means
ive not had anything to drink
baerly anytthing
I think so too.
I heard from my mother today that my aunt is looking for someone at her work to set me up with.
No, it doesn't sound great!
She won't be anything because they'll be no such girl.
I don't see why she thinks I want anyone at all, or even if I do, why I need help.
Women.
I'm sure you're right, bc.
I should be grateful for the sentiment, at least.
I don't find that sort of time good, I think.
me0w, why?
What would I possibly want with female companionship right now?
That sounds fantastic, me0w, but unlikely.
She's just want me to take her to 'clubs' and what not.
No thank you!
I do know.
Women are all the same; all they want is to be taken to places filled with stupid people and stupid music.
Maybe some day I'll look, but for now, if luck wants me to stumble upon someone, so be it, but I won't help it out.
Could be, me0w.
So what?
I'm content and I'll never know what might've been.
Anyway, it's just too soon.
I feel as though anyone must fail the inevitable comparison to her.
Time dulls memory, though, and eventually I'll forget enough to be ready.
I forget things remarkably quickly, though.
You'd be surprised.
Anyway, I'm not dwelling on anything, and the pain is behind me.
OK, I'm ready to move on.
Where do I want to move?
A nice period of singleness.
Why's that?
I don't care.
I'm not interested in girls.
If there's no sin, I can't preach.
Oh, OK.
zuul, 12
Is this the bot that one can make lock up by demanding it solve extremely difficult math problems?
zuul, 2^3
zuul, 23
zuul, 99999999999999999999
damn you
zuul, 9!
zuul, 999
zuul, 99
zuul, 99999
You bitch!
zuul, 123
OK, you can do more than one thing at a time.
zuul, 10/99
I'm slightly disappointed by that answer.
zuul, 11/2
zuul, Lumpen is a cunt.
zuul, qpt?
zuul, me?
I'm always amused by K5er's downplay of the importance of demonstrated correlations.
Apparently, they just believe it's all one big coincidence.
No, he just figured it out by watching the channel.
You have to admit that the most disturbed, dysfunctional people in here are Canadians.
I don't think so.
Who would you nominate as the most disturbed, dysfunctional person in this channel?
Seriously.
Oh hush.
Thanks for defending me, Lumpen.
me0w, I just want to say that I unreservedly apologize for any pain, discomfort, worry, or embarrassment I may have caused you.
I realize that I have been entirely in the wrong on more than one occassion, and I want to take the opportunity to admit my guilt.
me0w, I just want to say that I unreservedly apologize for any pain, discomfort, worry, or embarrassment I may have caused you.
I realize that I have been entirely in the wrong on more than one occassion, and I want to take the opportunity to admit my guilt.
me0w, I am sincere.
I don't have minions, and I'm not interested in bombing anyone.
me0w, how about we let bygones be bygones.
What type of person is that?
bc, please.
It's someone else's turn to attack me now, you just hold on for a bit.
It's descriptive of a different person 
I don't have any plans for Thanksgiving.
You don't have long.
Why, though?
Boiler, you don't want to be a college drop out.
Do your four years, learn more in hindsight than you realized at the time, and go get a nice job.
In what is her degree, Boiler?
Writing is not an artist.
It might be an art, admittedly.
Uh, that's something.
You do not need a woman at all.
People who say that are pathetic weaklings!
OK, that come off a bit strong.
Sorry.
You can't hate men; you are one!
How will a woman ever love you if you can't love yourself?
I don't think I am, no.
I've yet to meet a woman who could love a selfloathing man.
They cannot find it in their hearts to love such a pitiful creature, though.
A woman will care for such a man, even feel fond for him, but she will despise him all the same.
I think selfhatred is pitiful.
You are your own clay to mold, bc.
If you hate what you are, become something else.
That's not the self hatred I'm talking about, bc.
Underneath it all, you must recognize in yourself the beauty and nobility that allows you to strive ever upward against impossibleseeming obstacles.
How can you hate that?
The selfhatred I speak of has resigned itself to forever be something unlovable.
Such an attitude is unconscionable.
Isn't that good, luisa?
I suspect you're not one to error on the side of want, bc 
Selflove.
Both excessive selflove and selfhatred are vanities.
The humble man despises his weakness yet marvels at the potential with which God has instilled him.
I'm a cross between bc and First_Incision 
Do you have something better to do, luisa?
Like what?
What's the point if you don't enjoy any of it?
But not life?
Unless you're going to pursue something greater and more noble than your own happiness, you might as well enjoy yourself.
By the way, selfindulgent emotional flagellation doesn't count.
Doesn't anyone in this channel have an enjoyable conceit?
I think the selfdisparaging are easier to admit to.
It's a difficult thing to confess that one fancies oneself wellliked when one is in fact not.
In contrast, it's quite easy to falsely claim to be hated.
Everyone's odd.
I think your defeatist attitude is doing more damage than your oddness.
That's actually good advice.
Love her.
If she loves you back, can you really complain?
luisa, you're young.
It's just a spell.
It'll pass, if you let it.
So, Boiler?
Loving someone doesn't like is only marginally more difficult.
I was refering to luisa's spell when I said it would pass.
You'll grow to like her.
Remind me, why do you want her to hate you?
I don't think I can ever trust your diagnosis of anyone, bc, considering.
Well, Boiler, behaving infamously is no guarantee that she'll hate you.
Take luisa and me, for example!
Did it occur to you to ask her to stop talking to you?
Ask politely.
You want to do something mean.
It should feel mean.
I could tell you how to do it in such a way that you felt fine with yourself afterward, but that wouldn't be honest.
What do you mean by soggy potato chips, luisanne?
It can't be simply because they don't want to hurt her feelings?
Let your conscience be your guide?
luisanne, you're in a dismal mood.
It can't really be that bad.
I already suggested that, me0w.
If you don't know how to manipulate already, Boiler, you can't be taught.
That isn't quite true.
My woman liked some honesty, but not too much.
There's no sense in being too honest, though.
There's no reason to vocalize every single nasty thought that comes to one's mind.
Honesty is an illusion of what, luisanne?
It's not honesty, though, bc.
It's in between.
Truth is relative to what?
OK, to what is it relative?
I think that's enough of that.
Is this one of those fibs, bc?
Was that fib?
What about that?
I don't foresee a resolution to this 
bc, can I be one of your groom'smen or whatevr?
I'd like to see this photo too.
Is it on this planet?
Can I get directions?
Fantastic.
Well, you could've done worse!
I'm not sure what I think about all that exposed skin, though.
Please not this again.
bc, you were just in love, not a week ago.
Can we maybe have a week off?
I'm just saying.
Was all that previous pining just practice?
Well, you'll be married soon enough, and then all these feelings will dissapate.
Enough, really.
You're a twotrick pony, man.
You're either attacking me or droning on about love, romance, and what not.
Stop attacking me!
149 times a year?
I'd have to have sex more than four times a day until the end of the year to catch up.
I don't see it happening.
I can do it, actually.
I'm going to have sex four times tomorrow!
Yeah, that's what sex means.
The idea of sex with animals would not have occurred to me on my own 
And sex with oneself isn't sex.
It's just wanking.
I mean sex with a girl.
I'm not even counting gaysex!
I'm not sure, bc.
We'll see how it works out.
What cripple?
Oh, she recovered ages ago.
Anyway, the idea of having sex with a girl who would like to run away but can't is abhorrent.
Well, you.
I could go on, you know.
Pretty much.
pig likes me, but I'm 98% sure pig is male.
I can't either, bc.
I'm a hit with the IRC males, though!
toy wants to bonk me, as does reffie.
raoul too, suspect.
bc gets a bit warm when he's been drinking, too, but I'm not supposed to talk about that.
It goes both ways, bc.
We'd best keep an ocean between us, lest we engage in drunken gaysex that we later regret.
Lumpen, are you too shy to hypthesize about sex with us?
We know you're not getting any.
hypothesize
Absolutely not.
Is she fat, or just somewhat plump?
A cute, plump girl might be OK.
Might, mind you.
There's no telling, really.
I didn't mean in USian terms.
I imagine Lumpen as a small, gay Asian man.
I don't find Asian women appealing.
What do you want to be?
I resent mosquitos in the summer, but I don't want to be one.
Is there anything for excessive selfpity, First_Incision?
Stop being a creedist, First_Incision.
Once they annoyed their way to an empire.
Then they annoyed their way out of it.
I kind of like homosexuals, actually.
Some homosexuals are scary, yes, but some are just fun.
Almost no place is actually 10% gay.
They just say that.
It's an estimate.
Well, a fabrication, really.
As is college lesbianism.
wanker.
The hell he is.
I'm more jagged than I look.
Less jagged than I am, apparently.
Important distinctions to make.
Hello, yoni.
I should probably get to bed.
I have a busy day tomorrow!
Apparently.
Hello, bunny.
It's only 1030pm.
In Colorado, yes.
Here, however, it is only 1030.
What was mad about your night, bunny?
Poor li'l bunny.
Was she honestly ugly, or were you just jealous?
eh, we could cut her open and find out, zikzak.
I've a tarp and a knife, if you've a sponge and some rope.
You hate Asian girls, bunny.
None of them had boys you found cute, though.
You should've stollen him away then dumped him the next day, luisa.
Of course you didn't want him, bunny, but imagine the satisfaction of screwing over one of thoe asian whores!
I would've done it.
HalfPalestinian whorish liberal arts graduate students?
And in Asia, asians aren't considered special.
Would you feel better about them if you lived in Asia?
I don't know what a gaijin is.
I twitch every time I see a white with a nonwhite.
It just isn't right.
What else is there?
Surely you're not suggesting that whites pair with blacks.
Perish the thought!
What sort of thing is oddly uncommon?
It's because Asians are horribly racist.
That's because Asian girls crave huge cock.
And let me tell you, the Asian boys aren't delivering.
There've been studies, you know.
It's no wonder that as soon as they get out of Asia they run straight to the massive horsecocks.
Asian girls are torn between their racism and their lust for huge cock.
On the one hand, being worshipped and fetishized confirms their sense of racial superiority.
On the other hand, they want huge dick.
Which impulse is stronger determines whether the girl ends up with a white boy or a black.
You have to admit it makes sense.
zikzak is tall and nonblack.
So is wsl3.
Olives aren't black.
God damn it.
Then you'll have to settle for me, bunny.
None of this matters, zikzak.
You're tall and clearly not black.
That's the spirit.
You tower over some children.
Haha, sucker.
Not tall enough.
I am not!
I'm taller than 6'.
Shorter than 6'6, though.
zikzak, even with platform shoes, you still wouldn't have the reach.
One's armspan is supposed to roughly match one's height, right?
I don't think I could comfortably do that.
I'd be much too ashamed.
I would feel demeaned, belittled!
What do?
Uh, I have a fine pillow.
My pillow doesn't make me feel dirty when I place my head on it, either.
Even assuming you're correct, bunny, what's the point?
My pillow works fine.
Poor bunny.
Would some whisky help the achy tummy?
I don't need comfort and I am safe enough alone.
Men are pathetic fools.
If I decide to take a girl, it's not going to be because in need to need comforting and safety.
in need to should be I
I think that's the greatest typo ever.
The keys are just so close.
bunny, when dod you last eat?
You eat altogether too much meat, I think.
I had a toasted pepperoni and provalone sandwich.
It was.
Unfortunately, I didn't have any pepperoncinis, or I would've chopped some up and tossed them on.
I don't think I've had prosciutto.
How's it supposed to be eaten?
Sliced thin and wrapped around a fig?
Bizarre.
bunny is strong and funky flavored too.
It's a good match.
Is the liquor store closed tomorrow?
Poor planning.
I have enough alcohol to kill myself several times over.
I thought ahead.
I prefer to call 'em 'postrophes.
You could purchase mead, zikzak.
You just had some raw meat, silly bunny.
What's your favorite gin?
I don't think I've had that.
bc flew into a rage when I extolled the virtues of French vodka.
In Soviet Russia, gin drinks you!
It snows once a year here, about.
You'll find a nice native girl, zikzak, and the two of you will spend the holidays in front of the fireplace.
Friggin' people.
Many of my greatgreat grandparents were Portuguese.
About half.
Roughly.
Most of one side of my family comes from Portugal.
From actual Portugal.
Little bunny, rusty is a visionary; it doesn't suite him to be professional.
He's such a visionary.
I would've edited people's stories for money.
If that's not professional editing, I don't know what is.
I would write more, but I can't write when intoxicated.
That's a long time.
I think it's time for me to turn in.
Good night folks, and good night little bunnyl
Hi, bc.
That article in the topic is harsh.
I never paid her much notice.
I think it's ghastly to be glad someone died, though.
I expect I wouldn't feel much, which probably reflects badly on me.
Hence your weight.
Does it really matter, though?
Skinny people look desperate.
They might take a bite out of one's arm at any moment.
Yet they're extinct.
Interesting, that.
Shut up 
Neanderthals are a fabrication.
touch /dev/penis
Do you have any Thanksgiving plans, Lumpen?
It is not.
Then why the war?
Remember, this is why you can't find any virgins.
Oh, of course.
Lumpen, that sounds like a fantastic idea.
I hate France because the French say American girls are easy.
They don't seem easy to me.
I'm disgusted by American girls' fetishization of foreign accents.
I'm also irritated by the fact that France remains an independent country even though they're a bunch of cowardly surrendermonkeys.
If you don't stop practicing evolutionary psychology, I'm going to get angry.
bc, I think everyone does despise the Polish, actually.
Are you Polish?
You're Canadian.
Better looking?
No, I don't think so.
Canadian.
There's just Canadians.
I'm not interested in the meaningless distinctions between different sorts of Canadians that only other Canadians can be bothered to notice.
Also, bc, the French produce great vodka.
And good gin comes from France, too, apparently.
Good thinking, Lumpen.
You can fill the name in later once you've someone to send it to.
If you produce a good supply of letters now, Lumpen, you can keep your lady love well supplied with sentiments well into your wooing, and at very little effort.
bbl => big beautiful Lumpen.
aww, shucks.
He was fined 900 euros
For some reason, that makes me laugh.
The euro just isn't a very serious currency.
I have trouble feeling threatened by a euro fine.
Blur is pretty good.
I have four of Blur's albums.
What should I do today, if anything?
I don't know how to write a love letter.
I wouldn't know what to say.
Oh, so that's a love letter.
That's not so hard.
I've some orange juice.
Orange juice is perfectly enjoyable on its own, perhaps even moreso.
What's that?
So people don't acutally spontaneously combust, they.
Has a nude person ever spontaneously combusted?
People don't spend much time nude, though.
I prefer not to think about that.
No, you're confusing me with someone else.
It's bunny who can't stand the excessive stimulus of being nude.
I wish I knew where my slippers were.
My feet are cold.
As do I!
I'm going to go shower.
When I'm done, I'll start drinking.
I won't stop until I pass out.
I had pork with cranberry chutney just the other day.
I found my slippers!
This stout is quite nice.
It's a Miller High Life Stout.
Using modern research and developement, production techniques, and quality control procedures, the large breweries can produce beer of a quality and consistency impossible for smaller breweries.
Where is this, bc?
He doesn't look Irish.
He could claim to be one of the spic Irish.
Then you need to make things not equal.
Quit slacking about whining about hunger and become the best god damn linguist in the world.
Is Spain in the EU?
Ten nations are joining?
Which ones?
They didn't let Turkey in, did they?
Turkey wants in the EU.
Damn country has just the barest toe in Europe, but it wants in the EU.
I think Palestine should join the EU.
I don't know what he's talking about, anyway, bc.
Most academics in the US aren't US nationals.
Most can't even speak English at all.
em, get a position at the University of Nebraska.
Teach 9th grade English, em.
There's nothing logical about homosexuality!
Why do you say that?
That's true, you have, but I'm not blonde.
I have light brownish hair.
Is the picture still up?
I couldn't find it.
I thought you were talking about the real picture.
I originally had reparations, too, but the moderators removed it.
Why the face?
I didn't deceive you!
Well, I didn't.
Goddamn it
I'm just playing.
Just kidding 
Have some booze.
A spring onion is just a young onion.
I hope you didn't eat too much, bunny.
I need to do something for my dinner.
Fuck off, ye bloody pikies.
Ok, have it be Welcome to endless Communist claptrap, courtesy of veleko.
You really want to part immediately, lest you be bored to death by the brainless Marxist ramblings.
We warned you.
Who should provide you with these necessities, valeko?
Are you asking why you can't perform any work that you please and expect to have the necessities you require?
Well, I don't know.
For whatever reason, reading books doesn't produce food.
Don't take it up with me.
Complain to God.
valeko, like it or not, human being's default state is starvation.
That's just fact.
There's no way around that.
Yes, it is.
People have to do something or starve.
You're going to extract food from your earth by reading books?
Or do you have other plans too.
Really, what are you talking about?
I work about 1/4 of the time to support myself.
For that, I get everything I need and a great deal of what I want.
The system seems to work well, for me.
So how well do you think you should be able to live, valeko?
I don't know what you're talking about, valeko.
I have a job that consists largely of work I enjoy, and it provides me with the funds to purchase everything I need.
Where do I fit in?
I don't feel like I'm bouncing around anywhere.
Some people just aren't doing anything anyone wants done.
Supporting them would just be a burden, really.
As a simple point of fact, valeko, the arrangement of the physical universe has assured that no one is entitled to any necessities.
Work is required, and not just any work, but the work that will actually cause those necessities to be acquired.
The market is natural.
Everything that human beings do is part of nature.
The market is as natural as beaver damns.
Even if that were true, valeko, it amounts to little more than saying that nature encourages those things.
You think human actions aren't natural?
Do you subscribe to some outdated mysticism, perhaps?
This is the twentyfirst century, valeko.
We've no time or inclination to tolerate mystical views of the human person.
We're all animals and our actions are all natural.
valeko, it is what nature demands.
Your complaints mean no more than the complaints of a worker ant.
valeko, do you not admit that man is an animal?
Answer the question.
valeko appears to be laboring under the delusion that man is any more than the most glorious of nature's creatures.
We are animals, driven by our innate urges, and whatever social structures we create are those that nature herself dictates.
This is inarguably true to any except mystical and religious kooks.
You are just a beast, valeko.
Take that lesson to heart and I imagine many of your concerns would evaoporate.
bunny, curb your gluttony!
Is infinitera the one with the funky ratings policy?
Oh fuck, my chin itches like hell!
Maybe you were just in love with her, bunny.
Ive thought the same of a girl i loved
oh yes!
I would swear that the girll i loved was beautiful
but was she?
or was it my love that made her look beautiful to me?
who knows
I've forgotten who you were talking about, bunny.
I forget a lot, and quickly.
there arent very many decent girls left bc
with whom are you in love little bunny?
who is that?
the science fiction author?
i dont
google does
eat a damn spring onion
really though a spring onion is just an onion thats been picked before its mature
this boy at work, bunny, does he wish to be your lover?
I do not trust him, bunny.
I don't trust anyone, when it comes to you.
All these boys crave yoru affection, bunny.
Don't be so easily fooled, little bunny, it's you they lust for.
Of course you don't, and don't start.
Men have no problem lusting after those who do not lust after them.
They do it all the time.
I hope to not marry a whore, if I marry.
I hope to marry an utterly chaste woman, who is ashamed even to have sex with me.
In fact, I wish to marry a woman who I will never know carnally, so that we may both die vigins.
Why don't you still want it, bunny?
I would love to marry you, little bunny, and love you and cherish you throughout my days, without ever sharing a bed with you.
You would love me and cherish me too, little bunny.
We would support and encourage each other, devote ourselves to each other, but never, ever, carnally know each other.
By abhoring it, we would come to love each other more purely than mere flesh will allow.
I do understand.
Sex confuses the issue, because most couples engage in it far too soon.
Some, after many, many years of devotion to each other may be ready for sex, it's true, but the twentysomethings and even teens who engage in it now indulge themselves far too soon.
bunny, we would keep a house with two bedrooms and bathrooms, and marriage would never once infringe on our privacy.
it would be magnificent
you must not be ugly, for I will abide no ugliness in my home, and you must be devoted, affectionate, responsible, and committed, just as i am.
beyond that, i think i demand little.
Do windows?
clean windows maybe
they dont clean themselves
What do you need her for?
Love, yes, but kisses?
Demonstrate your love through hard work and attentiveness.
Not kisses.
Click no to you?
Impossible.
I would like a photo of bunny, but I am admittedly without anything to trade for it.
What are your problems?
Do tell us of them.
I'd like to feel for you, bc, but I am too busy contemplating my life with bunny.
I think you're mistaken.
Little bunny and I are meant for each other.
I'm no wolf.
I want nothing more than to love and cherish the li'l bunny.
I'm not concerned, bc.
There's no need to be insulting.
I know what I think will happen, you know what you think will happen, but only time will show who's correct, if either of us.
So you say, bc.
But it's all talk from my perspective, bc.
I don't demand luisa.
I'm not going to make her mine.
Force, power, or strength do not enter into it from my perspective.
I simply feel that we are meant to enjoy a profound relationship with each other.
Maybe I'm wrong.
Who can say?
Time well tell, though.
I'm unmarried, and work but a single job.
I'll admit I could be wrong, too.
I might be entirely mistaken about luisa.
It could be that we're meant to have nothing at all together.
I tend to think otherwise, but again, it'll play out as it plays out.
You changed my mind, bc.
I've told you that.
I finished my chile.
It was pretty ok.
I must admit, though, that right now there is only one woman that I want, and it isn't dear bunny.
It was a bit spicy, but not very much so.
You know.
That's what I told Ubu, wasn't it?
Maybe.
Or an idealist, telling things how I'd like them to be.
I used to go to bed with her.
I miss that.
I think I would've taken it better had I seen it coming.
It was really quite a surprise, though.
They are, bc.
Girls with black hair are just unbearable.
Do I want a girl to be pliant?
Nobody here is blonde.
Is she?
I've not seen her.
I was attracted to her because she was her.
I can't remember any reason before that, though I know there must've been one.
In the end, it was simply because of who she was.
You'd be surprised, luisa.
It's the little things  if they add up right, it's magic.
And what's right for each guy varies.
You're bound to find someone who does it for you and for which you do it.
Whatver it is.
I haven't figured it out, and don't really want to.
Some of them are bound to, luisa, and at least one of them will like what they find.
And he'll grow to love you for who you are, not because you fit some fetish he came to you with.
luisa, don't be absurd, but also don't be so prickly.
Always, zikzak 
How old are you?
Many women find love in their thirties.
Or beyond!
You're not quite washed up yet, luisa.
luisa, stop.
You don't need someone.
You're fine, healthy, and happy alone.
luisa, you have two options.
Either learn to enjoy life while single, or move to Seattle and start seeing me.
One or the other.
You must choose for that list.
If I were perfectly honest, I'd admit that I'd just like to feel luisa's tits and have her shut up.
Thankfully, I never tell the truth, though.
Your family would be upset if you were happy, luisa?
That makes little sense.
Right, luisa, that's a hunger for me.
zikzak, I'll say.
It sucks, frankly.
bc, you said there was no nudity.
I tried to rent it, but the video store didn't have it.
You fucking pikie.
You told me it had no nudity, no language, and no violence, bc.
OK, bc.
would make more sense.
What's that, zikzak?
One of my 2003 New Year's resolutions will be to become fluent in Esperanto.
bc is a precious jewel.
You keep getting unopped, silly.
Hello, Ubu_.
Hey everybody!
The only Wicker Man that Kazaa knows about is an Iron Maiden song.
I bet it's superb, so I'm downloading it.
What the heck are you doing just waking up at 2am, anyway?
Also, have beer.
It's what I'm having, and I have to say it's mighty tasty!
Oh, OK.
Yeah, that knackering really bites, eh mate?
luisa, I do.
You're going out to look for me, but you don't realize that's what you're looking for, so you won't understand why you come back vaguely dissatisfied, just like you always do.
That laughter seems a little strained to me.
Oh, by all means, run along.
See if he makes you happy!
Hint He won't.
I don't think it pleases me to hear is voice.
Can't really say.
I was right, bc.
The song Wicker Man is nothing short of awesome.
Iron Maiden just rocks so hard.
cyndrekit, please.
We rely on you to remain innocent and ingenuous.
I feel that you're not being entirely frank with me.
Not completely upfront.
You don't have a Megadeath CD!
If you did, you'd know it was spelled Megadeth.
So har har har.
Ever, you mean.
That's true.
Why is that?
I'm fairly sure I'd be fired if I ever showed up twenty minutes late.
I guess you must be right, bc.
cyndrekit is a bit bothered by her sheer niceness, but can't bear to do anything mean, so she listens to nasty music.
I klined you, bc.
Very well, cyndrekit, what the last mean thing you did?
bah, it's gentle, friendly teasing.
Your skin is far too thin, is all.
The shameful fact of the matter is that bc feigns hurt to evoke your maternal instincts.
He wishes you to comfort and care for him.
bc, you're thinking of a movie.
That didn't happen to you.
You saw it in a film.
All women have maternal instincts.
cyndrekit just knows better than to waste hers on sods like you.
cyndrekit has been a good friend to me.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I admit that much of it hasn't been reflected in this channel, but cyndrekit has always been supportive and encouraging of me.
luisa|, just get out there already.
At least stop whining.
I'm thinking of making some sausages.
My other option is bacon.
Or perhaps baconwrapped sausages.
Baconwrapped sausages, dipped in batter, and deep fried.
Good point.
Maybe I can dip the finished product in melted cheese.
I already have too many addictions.
No, really, I have enough addictions.
Look, I don't want any new addictions.
Just drop it.
I'm addicted to wine, women, and whining about women.
Horseradish is nice, but not an addiction.
It's the only condiment I use.
I put horseradish and cheese on the same sandwich frequently.
I like pepper jack.
bc, I don't love any women in Houston.
cyndrekit now lives in Kent.
Oh, that's a shame.
I don't think there is any woman for me in Houston.
I've never been to a gay bar.
I don't intend to go.
There ought to be a law.
Just phobic?
Generally afraid of most everything.
That's bc.
I bet they don't.
I bet everyone else can tell the difference instantly.
bc's gaydar is broken 
I've never been hit on by a gay guy.
You are a waste of a drink, from their perspective 
She's so cute!
I think what bc is trying to say, Lumpen, is that sometimes you tend to frolic until every last light heart has turned leaden, yet still you frolic.
We're not depressive or melancholy, and you're refusing to let it go, yet again!
Think it's funny.
Make a few comments to that end, but don't drone on endlessly about it.
That's all we're asking.
No, actually.
Whatever.
Well, then you can't lose them gambling.
Excellent.
You do that, Lumpen.
Wear what out?
Yes, wear it out.
Excellent;
Yes, wear that.
I do, actually.
I care quite a lot.
It's important that you look stunning!
You must evoke nearunbearable lust in the loins of every straight man who lays eyes on you!
Well, I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I don't see how that silly game can hold your interest, shoeboy.
Well, basketball is boring.
I'm bored by all sports.
I once saw an interesting billiards match, though.
Look, mister, I don't like dicks.
I'm not the guy who likes watching men run around and touch each other.
He's not rich, luisa.
Just keep that in mind.
Just the other day you wanted nothing more than a rich man.
What happened?
You're just in partial despair?
Poor li'l bubs.
Just don't get hurt out there while wearing a negligee and all scotched up, my tiny precious
I tried to play nethack once.
It was horribly dull.
Quit playing around, eh?
Chanserv didn't tell you that.
You're just being suspicious.
No, it doesn't.
I've founded a few channels, recall.
Oh heavens, I've spent ages playing around with the options.
No, not the red dress >
I said no, no, not the red friggin' dress!
Don't you listen!
Nothing.
Dance the night away nude.
You don't need a license, silly.
No, she's telling stories.
It's often actually denim, shoeboy, but the girth of the woman makes it look like spandex.
There's a nudity license in Texas?
Well, you're not a common stripper.
You must be kidding.
Strippers wear a stripping license on their ankles?
How do you know so much about it?
Well, get one, silly girl.
Gee, I wonder.
See if you can figure it out.
Look, you can't call the public just anyone or you'll never get elected.
Isn't that how everyone likes them?
Right, bc.
Who prefers ugly people?
Hell it is.
I know loads of smart, beautiful guys.
Yes, get going!
Hello!
buh bye, luisa.
I wish she'd have the courtesy to /part, so I knew for sure when I could start talking about her behind her back.
She is, but we don't want her reading about just how lovely we think her.
It would make her ego bloat up.
She'll understand.
We need her to stay innocent.
That was some tasty garlic toast.
Did you pick a name?
What was it?
Oh, that's exciting.
No, press 'U' to move down and 'D' to move up.
I can just sit here and use my imagination, though.
And I am.
Do you want to know what I'm imagining?
No, bc.
Heavens no.
Where can I purchase this Nethack?
God damn it, give me the URL.
Thanks!
I'll be playing nethack soon, em.
How do you pick up things by hand?
I'm a lawfull priest.
What is my kitten for?
You are dead.
I died.
I hate nethack!
I hate it.
No, you don't, zikzak.
It sucks.
You're still playing that nerdfest?
I amn't bashing and judging anyone.
That's all you do to me 
Does cp prefer ain't?
Also, bc, the join message to the channel is a bit hostile, don't you think?
Really, Lumpen, let it go.
You've beaten this one quite to death.
We've every right to be dour.
We're jobless, loveless, and without prospect.
Was it Miller High Life Stout, em?
Well, don't keep us in suspense.
I have some of their pale ale.
It's good.
You scared cyndrekit off with all your dirty beer talk.
You did what?
You're the man, bc.
The friggin' man.
Deschutes makes a good stout.
The porter is good, but the stout is better.
zikzak, we're all alcoholics here.
Why hide it?
You're not hiding it or you're not an alcoholic.
You are too.
Everytime you feel a bit blue, you hit the rum, and man do you hit it hard.
Do you just steal it?
I can't stand port.
Even thinking about it makes me feel ill.
It's way too cloying.
I'm not sure, em.
It wasn't my port.
No, don't.
Give it to your grandson when you die.
Give it to your grandson upside the head when you die.
Your last words can be, Take that, you little whippersnapper!
Alcohol is dangerous, bc.
I routinely spend $800 for a bottle of gin.
I serve the $800 gin to guests I wish to be rid of.
It's not so bad that I can be accused of being a bad host, but it gets the message across.
Well, bc, it depends on if he bored me.
Then you'd probably get the cheap gin.
Alcoholic.
Yes, you will.
If I ever found myself in posession of a bottle of port, I would never open, but give it away the following Christmas instead.
Pretty much.
Laugh at another's disappointment?
Guffaws aren't subtle.
Nothing?
The idea that nouns would have gender is pretty absurd, though.
He's a communist idiot.
Who knows.
So if someone sets m you can still talk, me0w.
For a few seconds.
valeko needn't to take a moment.
That doesn't explain why he pops in and out, bc.
So he just steps in, gazes at your wonderous visage, and then leaves, bc?
Still, you've not given us a coherent story.
Why does he pop in here?
And then leave?
Nobody has a crush on me 'cept Dolgan.
Lucky me!
He really wants a boi friend.
zikzak, I know I'd feel funny saying out loud many of the things I type in here.
For example, I just don't think I could bring myself to vocalize, I'd like to hang luisa upside town from her ankles and beat her with a mop handle, but I have no trouble typing it.
I assumed it was you, em.
It was a joke, em!
She used to be a lesbian.
Lesbians make me sad.
I did not ten minutes ago, em.
Suffering fuck, ok.
Hold on.
You're really demanding.
It's crap, Crypto_Jones.
You're welcome.
It's just another web thingy.
Bloody hell, he is.
You're an ugly fuck, Crypto_Jones.
Just thought I'd let you know.
Oh, you should.
I was talking about you and only you, after all.
That much seems obvious.
Come on, Moriarty, Monty Python is lame.
No problem, bc.
That the punchline to a great Lone Ranger joke, by the way.
No, it's not a fucking bbs door, you stupid cunt.
Don't get too excited, punk.
Morning, cyndrekit.
I'm a bit under the weather.
Actually, those are just the sorts of books geeks buy, bc.
Stop slandering Gore Vidal.
You're the geek, and that's all that matters.
Is that really true, cyndrekit?
If so, I'm going to become a little selfabsorbed black girl >
It's called tough love, bc.
Hmm, I'm convinced.
cyndrekit and I just like being mean to you.
We're a sort of Bonnie and Clyde of IRC mischief.
Of course, if that's true, you know how it must end for us 
No, bc will become fed up with us and ban us.
Now that's just vindictive!
It reminds me why I love you so much 
Is that what we're doing, bc?
It's a thorny crop to harvest, but you planted it, friend.
Welcome back, cyndrekit.
You're having company today?
With family, friends?
Homeless people from the streets of Chico?
I celebrated Thanksgiving Thursday & Friday.
I may celebrate more today!
No, with alcohol, and tons of it.
What are you cooking?
You're pretty needy today, me0w.
I'm not.
I remain independent as ever!
I'd like some more sausages, but I'm out.
Was it bloodily rare?
I didn't know you had cat.
cyndrekit is not deformed!
momocrome was talking trash about you.
Yes'm.
cyndrekit knows better, momocrome.
I need some things, but I don't really feel like going to get them 
Damn it, bc, there is no Kayleigh.
Keep in mind, though, momocrome, that a Scottish lee is pronounced like our lay, and vice versa.
Perhaps, bc, but you've no lover by that name.
You're not telling anyone except us anything at all!
momocrome, is your name Kayleigh?
Nor is mine.
No, there is no Kayleigh on AIM!
You've never broken a Kayleigh's heart and yours has never been broken by one.
What are you talking about?
You accidentally types a message for Kayleigh into the wrong window?
Stop playing that absurd nerdgame!
Hello, luisa.
There's no need to try to start something.
I greet you amiably only to be attacked!
It can't have escaped you that whore is a pejorative term.
lo, folks.
It was good.
Unfortunately, momo remained hidden.
I had tacos.
Not quite up to snuff when compared to one of the better tacomakers, such as, say, Taco Bell, but still pretty good.
It was just a handful of Mexican women in a little kitchen.
What do they know about making a good Americanstyle taco?
A lurker, that's who, and a spy.
I wish momocrome would come back so I can try to guess who he was.
You can take your smart remarks and just walk right out that door, buddy.
Hello, cyndrekit.
Is that all I am?
bc's aa?
How was entertaining?
What's a spider break?
Yeah, modest.
That's bc.
Watch it.
You were a lot like Harry Potter as a child, bc.
It was cute.
Hello again, hi.
luisa, did you find what you were looking for last night, or are you a little more willing to listen to the voice of reason now?
Specifically, it is obvious to everyone in this channel except, it seems, you that it is me that you crave and need.
What did you find?
Reasonable?
Not given to silly fits of affection, but rather a staid, solid fellow?
Ah, so you're thinking ahead, putting aside your youthful impulses and settling down with someone with a little more longterm potential?
I'm confused.
Nobody goes on a fling with a reasonable guy.
Reasonable guys are for marrying.
I'm sure he is interesting, to your hold your attention.
Still, though, I find it a bit odd that you first described him as reasonable.
Have you been interested in many unreasonable guys, and this is in contrast to that?
That's a philosophical problem that's probably a little too large and irrelevant to tackle now, whether someone can have uninteresting interests.
So this new fellow of yours is laid back, emotionally and mentally stable, and so forth.
And this is new for you?
Then in what respect is he reasonable?
No doubt, but quiet beauty is not reasonableness.
What is he asking for?
He just wants someone to go to dinner and such with now and then?
Well, that seems pleasant enough, but from the way you spoke of him, it sounded like there was a bit more going on.
I've people who I occasionally grab a pint or a bit to eat with, or watch a film with, or whatever, but I tend not to think of them as quietly beautiful.
They're just chums, you know?
Just your eyes?
He's going to sooth your soul with occasional companionship.
Well, that's excellent, but I must say that your soul seems to be not very troubled if that's all it takes to sooth it.
Absolutely not, Lumpen.
He's a mystery to you, intruiging and beautiful, and all you want is dinner once in a while with him?
Forgive me if I begin to suspect that you're not being entirely upfront.
And luckily that's all he wants?
You mentioned that he is eminently reasonable in that respect.
Will two be enough?
bc, the one boy is just a companion.
It isn't as though there's an actual relationship there with the corresponding emotional and sexual ties.
Is a companion of the night anything like a lady of the night?
See, bc, you can't twotime a conversation partner.
The other day, in channel, you were talking about wanting what sounded like more than just someone to talk to.
What happened to that, luisa?
Settle down, bc.
You'll have to forgive bc, luisa.
It's just that you describe your conversation partners in rather romantic terms.
It's understandable that he would get the wrong idea.
I certainly got the wrong idea.
Casually, like you hang out with these conversation companions of yours.
I don't really see the difference.
Well, that's not really hanging out with them, luisa.
That's just nodding in a club.
So you don't really hang out with gay guys at all.
I think that's interesting.
You said there were loads of them down there, why haven't any made it on to your list of conversation companions?
From my admittedly limited experience, gay people can be wonderful to talk to.
But gay relationships have changed so much that what you were told then no longer applies?
Really now, luisa, you talk about relationships very frequently.
I have trouble believing that the topic was never broached.
Possible, Lumpen.
Since so many people read on planes or in airports.
The power of Christ compels you!
valeko, if you keep joining and parting silently, without even a courteous Hello, you will be banned.
Not by me, either, so don't take it up with me.
I'm just saying.
My client does really sucky bans sometimes.
What did he say?
Well, he should've just said hello.
He never gave us a chance.
cept for the bit about calling people whores.
The hell it is.
Anyway, let's assume it is.
You're not fond of me, so cut it out.
What's the matter?
Well, we do.
Adequacy We want to hear the details, because we're just that bored.
You're not seriously thinking of holding out on us.
Maybe the two problems are related.
I would think that a lean clitoris would perform better.
I certainly wouldn't tell anyone if I couldn't get my girlfriend off, not that I would try.
Dirty business, that.
I once devoted a whole minute to trying to get a girl off.
It was disgusting.
I gave up and went and watched tv, because frankly, it just wasn't worth the effort.
I think the question of whether you're a performing monkey deserves some debate, too.
I think you just spoke it, chap.
That's what I assumed, luisa.
I can say kiss while kissing.
I can say kiss me, baby while kissing.
It's quite cute when I do.
At least she thought so.
Then whatever did you mean?
I think he's talking about all the listening.
The damnable listening.
Shut up, woman!
OK, I feel that I've lost the conversation.
Anyway, if a woman could think herself into a state of bliss, why would she do anything else?
What has?
What stuff?
What in blazes are we talking about?
Oh geeze.
Why does every conversation in here become about wanking.
Fantastic.
Not wanking, but rutting.
So many women don't enjoy a good rut?
Do you enjoy a good rut, luisa?
Superfluous comma, but it's a state of affairs that will soon be corrected.
Maybe your bit is broken too, luisa.
How can you be sure?
Could you pack any more euphamisms into that sentence?
We're all adults here; just say what you mean.
Money, luisa?
What then?
You frequently complain of depression, though.
Oh no.
You're not saying what I think you're saying.
This is disgusting.
No, just stop.
luisa, you're lying, you have no such ability, now just shut up.
You too, bc.
I'm warning you.
That isn't happiness, anyway.
Yes, go out.
Now, preferably.
What do you need money for?
Well, just have some guy buy whatever you want.
Then why were you saying that you had to go out?
Just a person.
Does this person have a sex?
You might as well just have said a boy.
Are close to this boy?
It's highly relevant.
This board of inquiry will decide for itself what evidence is salient.
dum dee dum
Why do you ask?
Well, don't start calling me David.
I'm a raver.
Fluffer.
There's a difference.
I would've told momocrome my name, had he friggin' showed.
Him or me?
He's shy, you know.
Why would I have done that?
Anyway, I'm unmistakable.
One look at me, and anyone would say, Yup, that's exactly what qpt would look like.
Awkwardly entertaining.
luisa would be disappointed by meeting me, too.
She'd feel a vague dissatisfaction when I didn't call her a fucking worthless nigger bitchwhore.
Or indeed anything like that.
Darling, you're pretty, but that's all.
I'm too unmistakably qpt 
The other day, some fellow from work approached me and asked, You're qpt, aren't you?
I replied, Erm, what's that?
From the site Kuro5hin.
Never heard of it.
Sure you have!
I saw a post by this qpt fellow and it was just so obviously you.
Night.
Always.
Go to bed.
Drop what, then?
What is it?
Why do you take it?
What happens if you drink now?
Sounds good.
Do it.
Is it titmouses or titmice?
A forgetful future medical professional.
Fantastic.
What about drug interactions, First_Incision, are you liable to forget those?
Planning on the pharmacist catching them?
Don't go into surgery.
You'll be one of those surgeons who forgets to take the sponges, scalples and what not out before sewing the chap up.
Well, your human mind, apparently.
5 ways away from being a mad doctor.
First_Incision, you should become the staff medical professional at a Catholic women's university.
edith, I think everyone was eating Mexican on Queen Ann today.
Oh please.
Where did you purchase your burrito?
What a coincidence!
Where are you?
I didn't have a burrito.
Why's that?
Were you the sad man with the dog?
Haha, you punk.
No, you chickened out.
You're a damn coward, edith!
I can't believe you didn't show after I said I was going.
You're the rudest man on this network.
You should be.
No, the worst thing that can happen is that you're not fast enough.
I wonder if I saw your girlfriend.
Was she the shortish one with long dark hair?
Shoulder length?
I was paying more attention to the guys than girls.
OK, I had sex with her.
While I was looking for you!
What a weird coincidence.
You told her to say that while she was having sex with me?
That isn't quite what I meant.
She will have remembered me, though, since I made her get out of my way and go stand somewhere else.
She's lying.
I'm the one who made her move.
She'll remember.
She was standing minding her own business, as was I, and then she got the funny notion that I wanted to be standing where she was, even though we were both standing quite still, so she apologized and moved.
It'll be a sexy sketch.
I wasn't in her personal space.
Geeze.
It's a really tiny joint and it was rather crowded.
It was good.
Simple, but robust, and wellprepared.
What's wrong with momocrome?
Use raoul, then.
I can tell you his nickserv password.
It's mad4butts, but without the quotes.
mad4butts is a random string of characters and numbers.
Damnit.
Really, though, momocrome, while I was waiting, it crossed my mind that the woman was your girlfriend.
I should've said something.
If she wasn't, she just would've looked at me funny and forgotten about it.
No, because I was keeping my eyes respectfully above her neck.
Something nondescript.
Dark top and bottom, I'd guess.
descript
Fuck it, that's what I wrote!
Yes, but only one at the Mecian place.
Mexican.
Employee eyebrows?
I don't know what you mean by that.
I'll ban you if you ever do that again.
I'm kidding.
I love grammar and spelling corrections.
I didn't look.
momocrome, when are you going to be able to ask her about being rudely forced to stand elsewhere?
Damn it.
No sketch for you, I guess.
Kidding about what?
Oh, the sketch.
I'm a little slow right now.
This is idiotic, though.
I know, she's a punk and a phone monkey.
And a royal pain in the ass.
It's Vladmeister!
Will you be back on?
Talk to you in a bit, then.
What is?
It's my fault.
No, I was just mentioning the channel.
I had to buy my own plane ticket 
Hello, bc, luisa|.
To believe the left?
And what's that, again?
What's selfcontradictory about democratic ownership of the means of production?
OK, thanks for clearing that up.
It must be a long white flannel nightgown.
You probably have the wrong idea about the choker, bc.
It's a small, thin, silver affair.
Perfectly tasteful.
I've got your number.
I rather like chokers, personally, even though the name leaves a bit to be desired.
No, I don't.
What did I do?
I'm horribly hung over and am struggling to see through a headache.
I probably missed it.
rum and whisky
bc, that's the sort of thing one keeps to oneself.
I suppose that excludes the possibility of banning everyone you don't like.
I think floorlength skirts are pretty.
Food doesn't sound good.
Out of garbage bags.
Alcohol is evil.
It ruins sausages and livers.
Still, I hope you didn't eat the sausage.
Did you get oven cleaner on the elements?
Also, the city has more gay pubs for you to accidentally stumble into and have a pint or five.
cock, you mean, surely.
As I recover, I'm starting feel more ambitious.
I think I will make kung pao chicken.
Only half will be pork, because I've not enough chicken.
Well, I've not done it yet.
I still need to gather enough strength to stand long enough to take a shower.
Why do you communicate?
I love you!
No, you prefer imagined kisses from characters on a stupid tv show.
Friskier?
This is the best channel, without a doubt!
Go #adequacy!
Oh, that one never gets any less funny.
Dream sex is a form of masturbation.
Yes, necessarily.
I think so, bc.
They don't, ej.
Of course negatives can be proved.
Where were you educated?
Because, bc, people like to watch rich, pretty, twentysomethings.
You'd hit it, given the chance, luisa.
I know it.
I think luisa should have red hair.
Bright 4red.
Nobody is normal, when it comes down to it.
She doesn't have the sluttish fuckcraving in her eye.
I'm sure I could think of a few American who do, luisa.
Some women just can't be satisfied, bc.
They want more and more and more.
It's not about enjoyment, for the sex addict.
The sex addict just needs a fix.
Also, many sex addicts use sex to compensate for deficiencies in their emotional life.
Right.
That's what these sex addicts thing, so they end up sexing and sexing because of it.
I think a lot of sex addicts aren't even aware of their own emotional cravings.
They mistake these needs for a need for sex.
I use LSD to see reality.
As it really is.
LSD strips the scaled from my eyes, and I am able to behold truth in all it's splendor.
You've no experience to speak from.
I take LSD daily.
No, damn it.
LSD is the key!
Shake shake shake!
Shake shake shake!
Shake your booty!
You should listen Yes instead, luisa.
You need to stay away from the used book store.
Reading books never did anything good for a woman.
It just turns 'em all uppity.
Well, sixtythree cents isn't much.
Don't tell him that.
He'll get an ego.
What are you trying to do?
Can you look in your history?
Pet the kitty, bc.
Pet the li'l kitty.
Take your ritalin, bc.
Such as?
I'm bitterly upset that I'm too lazy to go make dinner.
I ate out yesterday.
Anyway, I don't want to go out.
Also, this is absurd.
I'm giving up booze for two weeks, and I want you to hold me to it, bc.
I know.
I just figred something out.
Cromdale is bc.
Plus, eating oreos gives one an ugly smile.
I lost my left leg to a shark.
13/14.
Can you point to your own arse and elbows?
I can.
I have but one arse, and two elbows.
cynrdrekit, demand to keep the pay.
You shouldn't dump someone over the phone.
Or over email.
Just don't bother with it, really.
She'll figure out, eventually.
First_Incision, do this.
Call the one you want to dump and say that you need to talk, and use a serious voice and all.
She'll get the idea, but you won't have actually dumped her over the phone.
THen dump her in person whenever you get the chance.
Most of the men in here can't relate to that, luisa.
Devoted and cuddlesome without sex or dating sounds fantastic.
Sex is wrong, and thinking of and going on dates is a complete pain in the ass.
My kung pao is super fantastically delicious.
Parties, symphonies, movies, coffee, lunch, and rock concerts are all pains in the ass.
Do you use protection?
bc just lays there and lets her do the work.
Maybe you're just a wuss?
Does it hurt when a girl shoots you a seductive glance from across the room?
Do you cramp up when a girl smiles at you?
luisa, does the idea of sex five times a day not appeal to you?
Once a day?
Once a week?
How often?
Why the outburst, bc?
Who is lying?
I was just asking questions.
But luisa doesn't want to have sex, bc.
That's my favorite song.
Blonde.
Green hair is just ugly.
I only said blonde because blondes have more fun.
So it must be the best hair color.
I personally couldn't care less what color someone hair is.
What color, kellet?
I don't prefer blondes, bc.
That's a strange color to dye it, kellet, particularly for a man of your age and standing.
Maybe not, bc.
I don't prefer one sort of hair color over any other.
If gentlemen do, then I guess I'm not one.
Sure, momocrome.
momocrome, you're not fooling anyone.
You do that.
I'd guess it meant you caught the gay, zikzak.
I hope you've recovered.
Settle down.
You don't want a homocide on your conscience.
momocide.
No he hasn't.
You must be thinking of someone else.
luisa moans a lot.
Maybe it was her?
Well, then it's settled.
momo is quite found of his Mrs.
I don't know where the 'u' came from.
You do moan.
Sure, momocrome.
luisa, that was offensive.
I thought we worked out how you were going to correct that power imbalance.
luisa, are you using drugs of any sort right now?
I said luisa, are you using drugs of any sort right now?
OK, I believe you.
I can't affort a place to live, so I wander from shelter to shelter, often sleeping under bridges and what not
I can't affort one.
She's calling you a brute, bc.
luisa said she wasn't doing any drugs and I believe her.
So leave her alone.
bc, she doesn't use meth and she doesn't have sex.
She's hardly a crank whore.
I'm doing quite well with my project to give up booze for two weeks.
I'm several hours in and going strong!
luisa, we should support and encourage each other in our efforts to abstain.
Oh, how's that going for you, First_Incision?
luisa, defecating is also icky.
But what can you do about it?
I, of course, do not masturbate.
However, I've given up on my campaign against it, since I was making no headway at all.
One has to pick one's battles.
Well, First_Incision, I've gone hours and hours with no booze.
Because luisa thinks its icky, zikzak.
First_Incision, yes.
I made my resolution earlier today.
I need to cut back a bit or I'm going to end up killing myself.
No, zikzak, there's just too much sensation.
Like the sensation of guilt, and that of shame.
I could go on.
I've never even really though about what a good job of not taking crank I'm doing.
Her sheets are made of nettles, perhaps.
It hurts to touch them?
Be more specific.
I didn't mean my reference to be sexually charged.
However, beating the nude flesh of one's lover with a bunch of nettles is something that some people find appealing.
No one in here, I'm sure.
I could perhaps be convinced to beat you with nettles in an entirely platonic way, luisa.
Whyever not?
Oh, let me guess, too much sensation?
I think a good nettlewhacking would help you concentrate.
bc, I really must ask you to stop.
raoul's Canadian.
He'd know.
bc, if you're ever in the states, we'll go shooting.
I love driving around at night, exercising my Godgiven right to discharge powerful weaponry.
Speaking of bread, I'm getting paid tomorrow!
I'll be able to afford gifts for luisa.
I will.
Well, I didn't say I'd be able to afford decent gifts for you.
Just gifts.
I'll keep that in mind.
My every other plan to win luisa's affection has failed, so I'm just friggin' going to buy it.
Rumors are hard to come by, too.
Come on, someone just made that up.
I've never kissed a girl.
If I do, I'll be sure to ask your mother about her background first.
I don't care.
I just couldn't kiss a girl, a thing, that had been seen nude by thousands of Internet users.
That's what being kissed does to a girl.
Have you ever been kissed, luisa?
zikzak!
That's over the line.
I kissed a girl on the head once.
I think it was appropriate, though.
I hope you're not saying ickyness to me.
First_Incision, please try to keep in mind that we do not appreciate graphic descriptions of behaviors that we find abhorrent to engage in.
You're entitled to disagree, but you should respect luisa's sensitivity to such subject matter.
Damn it, bc, you do not live on Aldebaran.
No, it seems like a damn lie.
I think deriving physical pleasure from touching another is a gross affront to a person's dignity.
bc, I think my meaning was clear.
It's not at all arbitrary.
Shut up, bc, or I'll smash your face open.
I like things to be tidy.
Yes, accomplish something!
Ass disaster!
You'd be so banned if I could figure out how to op myself.
Find some cheese.
Eat it.
If dear luisa died of cancer, First_Incision, I would never forgive you for not curing her.
Inhaling a candle shaped like a Tolkein character would be an interesting development, for sure.
Bond, James Bond.
Why did you spill the wine?
Wine should have a cork, love.
When are you going to admit that there is a deep and profound connection between us?
Perhaps not, but I'm beautifully aching and unattainable.
I wonder what he sees in you.
He'd probably be put off to hear you talk like that.
That's creepytalk.
Can someone give me a precis of that?
I want someone like cyndrekit, a girl who will giggle, wink, gently tease me, and little else.
You want a cock.
Oops, wrong channel.
I was discussing the difficulty of waking up with bc.
He just can't find an alarm clock that does the trick, so I suggested a rooster.
You want a cock.
I was not, bc 
I'm neither cynical nor leery.
I never said anything like that!
more jutty is pure bc, anyway.
What's branston pickle, though?
I would've gone with jutting.
I think it is your fault.
The word Austin is in the title of the best TV show ever.
Aston is just an alternate spelling of Austin, too.
You can't?
Right.
bc, just admit that on its own merits, the game is stupid.
It's fun to have people get worked over the fact that you're playing, you mean.
Do you dislike anyone in here?
Which longings are those?
I don't think I want anything, actually.
I've no idea what you're talking about.
Well, condiments are good on sandwiches.
Turkey breast sandwiches, maybe.
Eating people is right out.
Wear something flattering, but modest, leave enough to the imagination to be interesting, but drop enough hints to help the imagination along.
I might eat an already dead person if I were going to starve otherwise.
I'm not sure.
There's little enough lust in here, and certainly no hate.
You'd be clothed in fussiness, luisa, if you took some emheavy logs.
That might be fun.
zikzak  em would be fussy hatred.
He's a lot more than a little bit fussy.
I was talking about imagination, whore.
Wear something made of ice.
Wear something made of postit notes and regrets.
Cotton works, too.
Oh, speaking of mad apparitions, the tormentously gorgeous girl inflicted herself on me again.
I wanted another 'u' in there somewhere.
Cloak your mortal form in the secrets you keep from yourself.
No, no, and no.
And no.
Smell like a small green pebble, picked up off the beach.
Whip it good.
luisa, stop trying to troll zikzak.
Stop succeeding 
Overly sweet?
Hello, zeventyperzent.
How are vee thizevening?
Zee plan, eet iz coming into fruition.
Vee are good, yez.
em, I paid $2300 today.
Aye, and more.
Invest in stocks.
I hear they're hot.
Too many times.
zikzak, doing so would be foolish.
Condensation and all.
I can't say I blame her.
You shouldn't have trusted the financial competence of sheep.
First_Incision, you'll be quite wealthy.
bc, you're being crude.
I haven't a credit card at all.
What is it, First_Incision?
I don't make that much in five years!
You're one to call nonsense.
luisa, you've been telling someone a whole lot of nonsense.
I've not figured out who yet, though.
I'm not going to get into it with you right now, and don't call me that.
I think zikzak wants to talk about something.
What is it, zikzak, ol' boy?
Anyone around?
eh, when in Rome.
Yeah, same here, gotta jet, ya'll.
There's a lesbian on Buffy?
That seems a bit controversial.
I rather like SMG, personally, and not just for her initials.
She's adorable!
No, she really is adorable.
I was pretty serious about the jew's harp for a while.
I'd like to hear it once.
For a short while, maybe.
6 years?
IE calls the first site opened when the browser is loaded the Home page.
All switched over?
You should take her out.
Just lock the baby in a closet where it can't be hurt.
Oh well.
There will be others.
I actually do, but I don't want to spoil it for you.
Although gift is a stretch.
The fellow who posts gay porn reviews to K5 really cracks me up.
He's just so earnest.
I don't know, Jerry, what is the deal?
I see, but first, who am I talking to?
Is this momocrome's girlfriend, one of his dogs?
This is so confusing.
So that means I can GHOST you.
I have a unversal Nickserv password.
universal
Anyway, both of our little buddies from up north have dropped out, if you follow.
And even if you don't.
Me too.
What were you going for?
When you found '~'
Intriguing.
What does it mean?
Can I use it for questions that I mean in that sort of flat tone that expresses disbelief?
I've always missed that in writing.
Say something unbelievable, ej.
The moon is made of cardboard~
Yes, it's like a question, but I don't really want to know.
Combine that with the universal verb and you've something.
No, the universal verb is just .
There's no period in it.
I have to end the sentence with a period, though, and periods go inside the quotes.
They do, though.
Some sentences need to be rewritten to avoid ambiguity, because of that.
For example  Did Darcy really say, I hate you fucking bitches?
There was an article about beer shakes.
Have the beer.
I'm in day three of my alcoholfree two weeks.
Well, just ending day three.
I feel fine, actually.
Six days a week, I'd guess.
I figure I'll make it Friday before things get interesting.
RobotSlave gave up alcohol for last Lent.
He was miserable, but he managed it.
You must not have been trying very hard before.
It's a secret, though, so don't tell anyone.
Why can't I get to bed earlier than I do?
6 am, ej.
It's a real struggle, too.
Once I'm up, I'm OK, though.
I take melatonin supplements so I can sleep at all.
I drink a coffee in the morning, and a soda in the early afternoon.
It's not that, though.
Icould have gone to bed two hours ago, and slept.
I just don't.
Then he goes and sleeps on a big pile of dogs.
I'm sorry about your aunt.
I remember being about twelve and having a great aunt or something die, and not caring in the slightest.
It was traumatic for me to not care.
Well, ej, everyone around me was expressing sadness.
I felt abnormal.
Well, that prepared me somewhat for when my grandfather who I saw quite frequently died a few years later.
Again, I didn't care.
Of course, one of my parents had just lost a parent, so they were quite distraught.
The Hotlips from the movie was much, much hotter.
I often manage to care about living people.
It's not that I'm heartless.
Hello.
I'm OK.
Does realizing that one's life is unexamined count as an examination?
shoeboy is playing a different game than I did.
The game I played was full of doors that wouldn't open, rocks that wouldn't move, rats, and precious little else.
Oh, there was lots and lots of death.
I really should just learn how to play.
I have nothing better to do!
Night.
What class do you play, bc?
I'm reading the directions.
I want to be a priest, but it does seem harder.
I use AIM, and it seemed to log on fine.
url, Lumpen?
I considered applying to be a hotornot moderator.
My throat feels all funny.
There aren't any prominent prolife people.
Why would anyone look in your home directory?
bc, don't you have a huge collection of porn?
In your home directory?
That's not your home directory?
I wonder why.
I'm trying to think what 'bc' means in the context of adequacy.
bc has trouble saying no to sick, twisted people.
Women, particularly.
Then how do you know the person is sick and twisted?
What in blazes is First_Incision talking about?
I got lost when he would had a playboy.
I've seen many a playboy, but never a Playboy.
Just the rich men, not the magazine.
That would it be, doubt not.
I saw a few minutes of an episode once.
It didn't hold my interest.
What's nippy swee, anyway?
nipply sweaty
Hey you with the pretty face, welcome to the human race!
It's too difficult.
Reading the instructions discourage me.
Are you still going on about Wisconsin?
How'd that work out, anyway, bc?
How does one tell when yogurt has gone bad?
Why do you talk about Wisconsin so much, anyway, bc?
Alrighty.
He likes other things, too.
If you're curious /msg me, Lumpen.
1924 <luisa|> i quite thought he was beyond that kind of thing
1924 <qpt> Oh no, she's a student in Glasgow at the moment.
oops, wrong window.
Uh, typo.
I'm nearing the end of day #4 of my boozefree period.
It's been pretty smooth sailing so far.
Well, Lumpen, I've been drinking quite a bit, and wanted to know how hard it would be to.
Lumpen, assuming you live in the Seattle area, and I suppose the odds are that you don't, since you could live anywhere at all, do you want to join momocrome and I for lunch on Saturday?
You've the idea.
Well, you cunt!
I see how it is.
Is he checking if he's a cunt?
That's what I'm wonderig.
wondering.
What do you have in mind?
We could make it last week.
I had a fine time, we should do it again!
I wouldn't mind.
I'd have to snicker once or twice, sure.
I understand that you need to get out from under the Mrs' thumb.
Well, find out if you're working.
Excellent.
If he couldn get a visa, he wouldn't be flying to Washington.
bc, damn Eastcoast elite.
Don't even know what to do with a pick axe.
Dig through monsters?
I'll apply a pick axe to your head.
Arizona has the London Bridge.
ubu, you owe it to yourself to remain celibate.
Loathe women, ubu, and you will draw near God.
That's impossible, ubu, so drown yourself in firm teenage bodies until you've quite forgotten her.
Then move on to something more serious.
If it takes a lifetime, luisa, it will not have been a lifetime illspent.
bc, you're right, and I have given up.
ubu and luisa, though, are less intelligent and more stubborn than I am.
momocrome's chance walked through his door and kicked his previous chance out.
You're in the same state.
Just commute.
She's not worth twelve hours in the car each month?
Sheesh.
He's a round little swarthy linguist.
I have a new goal in life, to be called yummy by luisa.
A sex machine.
luisa claims to be a virgin.
Moreoever, she claims that she'll never have sex.
Her too.
I have, multiple times.
Lumpen, does poetry give you a headache?
Oh Mr.
bc, please tell us why you had to hide away for so long.
Where did we go wrong?
Hey there, Mr.
b, we're so pleased to be with you!
Look around at what you do; everybody smiles at you.
That's what you should listen to, luisa, by the way.
No, no might, just do it.
I probably have it.
Where are you going, bc?
What for?
It must be 5 am.
That's to early to go anywhere.
I wish I could take the train into the city.
Well, I suppose I could take the train to Tacoma.
I don't live in Ballard.
I'm sick of trying to avoid the inevitable.
Take the bus.
Or the tube, or whatever.
Call a cab.
My commute is about 15 minutes on the bus and three minutes of walking.
There is a direct bus.
It runs every 15 minutes.
Quite convenient!
Why is the bus so slow?
Well, come back in one piece, and not too sexually exhausted, young man.
I just assumed.
You said pleasure.
Will it be drinking, then?
Strange.
Driving into Seattle is not much quicker during rush hour than bussing in, often.
Frequently slower.
It's not just busses on them, but they're never clogged.
Yeah, a local bus.
Aren't there expresses?
I take a local bus home, since it's too close for an express.
I always hate it when I'm tired and just want to get home, but people want on and off at every stop, and are taking their time doing it.
I'd like to leave nearish to a WalMart.
Well, no, not really.
I wish I could get a WalMart conveniently but didn't have to be anywhere near it.
KMart isn't as good.
Nothing is quick for me.
I just get used to it.
It started over.
Search more.
Damn it, MessiahWWKD, there was something I was going to laugh at you about, but I've forgotten what it was.
I checked your diary.
It was about your MSN girl infatuations.
I've been on MSN chat before.
Everyone was incoherent.
How does one fall in love under such circumstances?
I think I was in the 20s rooms.
You could ask rusty.
Also, none of your diaries seem any stupider than any of the others 
Mature has two meanings.
Wrinkly and cynical.
From the perspective, immaturity is not necessarily a bad thing.
I saw the lyrics and decided I didn't need to hear them.
Your desires are hardly any more sophisticated, First_Incision.
You'll likely end up with a wrinkly, pukey baby, you know.
It's not necessarily moronic.
I'll freely admit that I've never seen a vagina, and might mistake one for a rectum.
I just don't know.
I am, though.
What's the most anterior?
OK, that clears things up.
Then somewhere in between is Satan's maw, I imagine.
Damn it, you need to stop dreaming.
Hope has ruined more people for productive work than anything else.
No, Lumpen.
I don't see much point in speculating about longpast events.
Willow reminds me of someone.
That's hardly the Catholic church.
That's just a little piece of it.
Catholicism will never fail.
I've been thinking about purchasing a firearm.
No, a hand gun.
I don't wish to be a marxist revolutionary, or anything.
I just need a hand gun with which to defend my home from marauders.
I don't hate spics.
I drive a SUV and am a yuppy 
Hardly.
Most of the homeless beggers are black.
At least around here.
Except bc and luisa love each other, and that's an inspiration for us all.
Well, the dowtown beggers seem to be predominantly black, particularly in the pioneer square area.
Are luisa and bc both white?
The jews killed Jesus.
No way.
Where?
That's not much!
I don't have anywhere convenient to put it, though.
A safety version!
I just have to own an assault rifle.
I haven't either 
Really?
He should've shipped them.
I just don't feel like a man anymore.
I think a gun will fix that.
Seems like it would do the opposite.
Without a woman to boss around and intimidate, I've no outlet for my manhood.
Maybe, but a gun is still a better idea.
And the concealability too, probably.
Night.
Are you raising adequacy from the dead?
Well, it's about time ;
Unemployment can take huge amounts of time and energy.
Are you unemployed, Lumpen, then?
I'm sorry.
You had two jobs not long ago.
Hello, luisa|.
Well, whoever Lumpen is, elby, he's defintely not RobotSlave.
No sir.
I was at work too long today.
It's a bad habit to get into.
They'll start expecting it.
Then look not into your own heart, friend Lumpen, for within you'll find little else.
But there's no benefit.
I'm salaried, luisa.
I'll leave early tomorrow =
You'll get yourself fired that way.
And then where will you be?
The shipping department?
How will that work?
Yeah, but they won't have to pay you to goof around.
They should hire dozens of you to goof around.
Put you all on a glass enclosed platform in the lobby.
Visitors could sit and watch while waiting for their appointments.
What do you ship?
Did you just wake up?
With someone other than yourself this time?
I shouldn't tease you, actually, since I too am in love.
Well, you might, if you rejected your advances.
Your checking account?
Do you overdraw on accident or intentionally?
You should keep better records.
Well, you shouldn't take such risks with your finances.
If you need a bit to tide you over, feel free to ask.
Well, I do, but I'm not going to give you a thousand dollars.
It's a fair amount of money.
I don't think it's a shame that I'm unwilling to throw away that much P
Maybe a shame to you.
I'd be worried sick, were I in your situation.
I prefer to stay ahead of my finances.
But then, you're in love, so what does money matter?
Is your love a poor student?
An artist, perhaps?
It's not hard.
Poor people aren't attractive.
Just give all your money to me and I'll pay your bills and provide you with a weekly allowance.
I'll restructure them, prioritize them, negotiate with your lenders, and in general make things happen.
Well, elby, stand in a goddamn line across the street with scads of other poor people and swear at passers by.
Rent is a waste of money, luisa, since you should be instead sleeping in a box under my bed.
I don't see what's not simple about a box.
It's a friggin' box!
Abandon your ethics?
Aren't you already in love?
It wouldn't be very much more unethical to love a rich man instead, if at all.
elby, just keep in mind that north 99 is a Prostitution free zone.
There are signs proving it.
He's soft and orange.
A bit like a large circus peanut, that one.
This one is.
luisa, you should get a more lucrative job from momocrome.
He's a manager.
I'm a little disappointed, actually.
Regardless of what time on Saturday you proposed, I was going to say that it was too early and insist on Sunday.
Just to be an ass 
Speaking of ass, I was a bit curious to meet the Mrs, too.
Does she dislike it when you go places without her?
It's so true!
It's true, luisa.
Name one of our current or past girlfriends who had selfesteem.
Monica had none, mine had none.
Too busy talking!
Can't be bothered to listen, sorry.
Catch ya later.
I had a dream about luisa last night.
I have only one dream.
Everytime I sleep, I dream it, not once, but again and again.
In my dream, I am not too late.
In my dream, against all odds, I make it in time.
In my dream, I save luisa from sluthood 
I can't stand roommates with girlfriends.
I don't have a roommate at all, thankfully.
I like living alone.
I'm kind of fussy that way.
You haven't?
Then you've no excuse not to move.
Just don't tell them where you're going.
How many people, elby?
I live in a tiny room, scarcely larger than a closet.
There's a toilet in one corner and a sink in another.
ubu, I'm not above inventing facts to support a point.
Don't take it personally.
I was going to tell you about my window.
There isn't one.
Why's that?
Is it the guy you told us about earlier, or a different one?
Life is too short to put up with people who don't have other interests.
There's a happy medium to be struck in there, somewhere.
When you ask him to marry you?
You might as well go all the way.
ubu is talking nonsense.
No is bad the first dozen times, but then it just doesn't faze one anymore.
eh, right.
You've attended the bc school of seduction.
No, elby.
No means yes, as does yes.
And he likes married women.
A penis pump will cure one of those problems, ubu.
Of course you do, because all the good men like me are of massive stature, both physically and mentally.
Why not just say, I want to snuggle on a sofa with you?
And you do, so nobody will be shocked when you snuggle on a sofa with him.
So he knows how you feel about him already.
Nothing could be simpler.
Just walk boldy up to him, push him onto a couch, and snuggle, baby, snuggle.
Well, you won't find out by yacking away in here!
Give him a call.
You're going to talk to him, damn it.
It's the sexual tension.
Start calling him honey bunny.
Come on, luisa, you are pretty easy.
Uh, out of the ten or so guys who frequent this channel, how many have porked you or are going to?
At least two.
That's pretty easy.
You and bc.
Yeah, but you will.
em is probably going to get lucky, too.
Although, can it be called getting lucky when the sheer objective probability makes it more likely than not?
You've an annoying fat girl, MessiahWWKD?
You've is a contraction for you have.
Fat girls will often run to the store to buy one a sandwich, though.
Fat girls are good at running errands.
See, ubu, I've come to be attracted to no one, so I can use everyone equally.
I think it gives me an advantage.
I'm getting errands run for me that you're not.
Think about that.
Unlikely.
The hate eats me alive from the inside, keeping me gaunt.
That's more or less what I want, but I'd prefer luisa to be chained to a iron spike in the fire place.
Well, you're probably right, ubu.
Expressing a desire to burn someone alive is inappropriate.
I apologize, luisa.
In all seriousness, I prefer not to hurt people.
Not even a little.
Nobody has ever asked.
If they did, I would laugh at them and call them pathetic, probably.
I don't believe that, elby.
If they do, it's none of my concern.
I don't harm other's bodies, and I don't see that any more than that can be expected of me.
I'd think they were pathetic, elby.
I can't see how I'd manage that, anyway.
Honestly?
I can't even recall saying four mean things to you.
I can't even be bothered to remember driving you to attempt suicide!
Nah, there are worse in this channel.
I suspect ubu is a bigger bastard than I.
I'd like to see you give him a look of contempt but not disdain.
Why not?
seventypercent isn't any of those.
Add him to the lucky list, I guess.
Get another piece of paper, if you need to.
Yes, he does.
Did he say that?
But you're the most junior person here.
You've a little '@'.
Quit whining.
Either do something or don't, but stop the fucking whining.
You are!
Bitch, bitch, bitch is all I hear from you.
I put in a long day at the office, and I expect to come home to a good hot meal.
You've no food for me, though, just complaints.
pb irritates me.
Anyway, ubu, RobotSlave doesn't look very ejected to me.
ubu, I can't think of a single criticism that you've leveled against MessiahWWKD that wouldn't apply equally well to yourself.
Plus, he's not a whiner.
You've no time to, what with all the bitching and moaning.
I'm surprised you find time to inhale, frankly.
I keep people honest, old friend.
You're asking summer not to follow spring.
Sorry, chap.
I wonder who's going to get it.
Ban masks aren't that hard to type, come on.
mode #adequacy b !
janus@.
sktn01.
pacbell.
Just copynpaste, luisa.
You sense some jealousy.
Geeze, you must be sensitive!
ubu is notorious for being insanely jealous.
We don't like to talk about it, though.
He's an absolute madman when he thinks anyone else might take something he wants.
First_Incision, just so you know  <ubu> If First_Incision, I'd seduce him.
I think I'd start by offering him him a cigar.
The phallic shape would suggest more than mere words ever could.
He said that before you came in.
No, they're gross.
I think you should pack up your bitterness and trot back to #jism, ubu.
We're not your kind of people here.
I'm not really sure.
Then leave, ubu.
I'm sure no one will miss you.
Well, elby, he's a libertarian.
Beyond that, I don't really know.
Yes indeed.
More bitching.
Well, look at him and see if you can guess.
Oddly enough, ubu, you still manage to lose whenever you debate the socialist crowd.
Really, ubu, I don't think I've seen you win an argument, and not for lack of trying, either!
Oh well, you know what they say about arguing on the Internet.
Why do you ask, luisa?
Who have you taught?
Right, MessiahWWKD, I saw how you tackled ubu, earlier.
Narcissism, ubu.
MessiahWWKD, you won't be exiled for arguing with ubu tonight, I promise.
I think I should like it more if my promises meant a bit more than they actually do.
Hello, zikzak.
ubu, while you're fretting about pleasantries, someone is macking in your ho.
Just a friendly heads up.
Well, drive him off in a display of manliness that leaves us all wanting to be you or fuck you, perhaps both.
At once.
God is one of the few people who agrees, friend ubu.
I am catty, yes.
I'm a blonde bitch with big hair and long nails.
This is crap.
So much negative energy in that one.
Anyway, luisa, you're wrong about me.
I have everything I want.
No need for that.
Wow, that's a lot of comments.
I'd be curious how many words were devoted to that article.
lol umm, Peter and Cindy are the names of the brady bunchs weird.
WEIRD!
Phreaks will come and eat you!
Your summary would've missed that, likely.
Also, RUSSIA WILL MURDER YOU.
Can't leave that out.
Well, this sums up the whole site, NONE OF THE STATEMENTS THAT YOU WROTE MAKE ANY DAMN SENSE AND I FEEL LIKE I WANT TO PUNCH YOU.
It's out of a longer remark, but that's the substance of it.
I had sausage and brown mustard for dinner, too.
No, literal sausage and brown mustard.
Mine was with pepperoncinis, though.
Not really, zikzak.
luisa eats steak about ten times as often as I do.
A good pork chop is might appetizing.
Why are your hands raw?
A good BLTA really hits the spot, though.
Avacado.
Avacado on a BLT is fantastic.
I once made baconwrapped chicken breasts topped with pepper jack cheese and avacado.
I should do that again.
It was good.
Orangecrusted grilled halibut with black bean/avacado/papaya salsa was another good one.
I'm just listing things I've made with avacados that I've liked.
No, zikzak.
I've never had an avacado fry, no.
It was my mum's kitchen.
I don't think I've ever seen that on a menu.
You've negative money right now, so you should give it away, yes P
If only it were that easy.
My kung pao is deep fried then stir fried, which always struck me as a little decadent, but it's just so tasty.
I'd order it, for sure, and ask to have it served with plenty of butter.
I ain't never heard of it anywhere else 
Maybe you could get a side of avacado.
Did you put something in .
hosts?
LMGHOSTS
Don't even open that file.
Just leave it alone.
What else was there?
You hacker, you =
I actually have a file called ghosts!
I don't think the archives should actually contain anything not writted by bc.
Hello, bc.
I've made it another day without sweet, sweet booze.
I'm doing so well.
He's sleepy, no doubt.
What's wrong with him, luisa?
I have razor sharp bone spurs jabbing out of my skin all over my bodyl
It's a rare disorder.
Afflicting only a handful of people.
Of course, the crusty, inflamed wounds caused by the bone spurs perpetually ooze fetid puss and blood.
elenchos was bc all along.
Admit it, zikzak, you wish you were pussy whipped.
That's not pussy whipped, that's henpecked.
Come on.
Perhaps, but what of it?
I will soon have enough to afford a real doll.
Not that I'd buy one, but it will be fun to be able to afford one.
Each a gem in its own right.
It's a good idea.
Also, elby, why not set it up so there's a place to enter new diaries and comments?
This could be heaven.
It is heaven, as long as liquor is involved.
That is so true.
No, I shouldn't.
Hooray for me!
Good night, my loves.
I'm not very evil at all.
Perhaps entirely unevil.
Hello, ubu.
cyndrekit, I'm Pretend Evil.
ubu, I don't want there to be any hard feelings between us, OK?
Not that I know of.
I prefer to count the whole world among my friends, though!
cyndrekit, You sometimes act evil, but we know the truth.
Deep down inside, you try to do good things.
Nonsense, bc.
ubu is a gentleman, and as such, he can't deny a woman's demands.
It just happens that his looks and charms influence those demands to no small degree.
I think so, luisa, more or less.
There are exceptions to any rule, of course.
I'd think you'd go through moods in which you just want to keep your pants on for a bit.
Do women ever even think of that, though?
I suspect not.
Are things going well with your beloved, bc?
She didn't start that way, ubu.
Some women feel that they only need to look good until they get the ring, then they let themselves go.
Well, bc, I was only trying to be friendly.
Also, I wanted to read one of those adorable, romantic IRCminiessays you sometimes write.
Well, they were that fat to begin with, ubu, but were holding it in.
That's a good analogy.
The actualy physics and topology of it is beyond me.
I think women fold a great deal of their fat into those tiny upper dimensions that theoretical physicists tell us about.
How fat should an ass be, ubu?
A female ass completely devoid of fat would be a frightening sight.
I'm having trouble visualizing what you mean, ubu.
Oh well.
Your first was a fatfreak, who might've been male?
Well, I'll grant you an absolution, if you like.
I can do that, as the channel's cleric.
You're absolved of that sexual encounter, ubu.
Speak of it no more, because it is forever blotted from the mind of God.
You honestly can't remember your first, luisa?
I can't either, I suppose.
That is precisely what has happened, ubu.
You are now free to recreate your sexuality afresh.
ubu, I can't absolve you of every difficult situation you've faced, of course.
bc, I can cast Charisma 1 5 minutes.
Not quite the same as a love spell.
I answered your question, bc, but you were timing out.
No, bc, I can just cast Charisma 1 5 minutes.
I didn't find enchantment very interesting, so I didn't pursue it.
I'm sorry 
Right, First_Incision.
It's not that we can't control nature, it's simply not something we're interested in doing.
Also, I probably could absolve ubu of everything he's ever done, if I applied myself, but that wouldn't be good for his character.
luisa, he'd remain ever a babe.
ubu, I'm glad you understand.
I'm missing the substance of your point, bc.
ubu, you aparently are misunderstanding absolution.
There is no again when you've been absolved.
It never happened.
I hope you didn't just mistreat them, ubu.
Well, ubu, you've yet time to secure forgiveness.
luisa, I've never even done something that bad.
Why do you doubt that I'm only pretend evil?
I think he has a real date, cyndrekit.
I tend to believe people, though.
Young ubu, so vibrant and full of life.
They happen constantly, First_Incision.
One goes out, meets a girl, takes her back to one's place, has sex with her, then calls a cab, gives her the fair, and sees her on her way.
And that's exactly how to get laid.
If you smoke, you can smoke after sex.
If you drink, you can have a drink before sex, but you've probably already had a few.
Some people seem to enjoy it, First_Incision.
You'd be great at it.
You have a new girlfriend every few weeks or so, First_Incision.
You're a natural.
I'm going to have cyndrekit over for dinner one day.
The sad fact is, to keep a girlfriend, you have to mistreat her to some extent.
Right.
Women just get bored of that.
It's disturbing, but you have to play the game.
The other thing to remember is that no matter how much a girl insists that she wants to hear your feelings, she in fact doesn't.
Women want their men to be strong, hard, and somewhat distant and mysterious.
How on earth did Dick's place above Red Robin?
Why the frown?
Their burgers just taste so friggin' weird.
I have trouble taking any groups of people's ratings seriously.
Just look at K5!
What dvd?
I went to the video rental place the other day, but didn't find anything I wanted to rent.
Nothing looked very interesting.
Well, momocrome, I'm sure there were plenty of movies that I would've enjoyed if I had rented them.
A combination of the first two, I think.
I was feeling tired and a little melancholy, I think.
What happened?
Don't do that again.
Today was OK, but I was at work way too long yesterday, so I was braindead today.
I don't even know what that means.
I don't believe your day actually had many girls or much grass, bc.
I did talk to a girl today, though!
No, bc.
No, bc.
luisa, you need a good song to listen to.
How bizarre.
Why won't they?
That's strange.
Maybe you've the volume in winamp turned all the way down?
I think I would rather bless luisa, that she may find contement despite the details of her circumstances.
God help me, I have drunk all the water in my glass.
I was always ashamed by the sight of a nude barbie.
Hello again, cyndrekit.
How was dinner?
What did you have?
bc is a terrible flirt.
I too have been lured into her trap, bc.
Oh, I'm very interested in cyndrekit, First_Incision.
You're just so goshdarn cute and sweet seeming, cyndrekit.
That's the problem.
Be a little more prickly and you wouldn't have these problems.
Communista, who I still think is a man.
With a very mannish face.
Is there a recent picture of her?
Communista seduced Vladinator, for one.
He was quite taken with her.
I know, bc.
You lied to poor Vladinator.
It was funny, but you're overstating it.
I've witnessed the most glorious thing ever, and that wasn't it.
I wasn't.
She's so gross 
Why, bc, why?
cyndrekit, bc told Vladinator that Communista wanted to 3way with him and his wife.
That was a lie.
Vladinator started macking on Communista, though.
It really was a lie, yes.
Communista finally figured out what had happened, and became enraged with bc.
If I looked like Communista, I'd take anything I could get.
I disapprove of polygamy.
cyndrekit, I disapprove.
I don't like the idea of you watching some perv go barhopping.
It's teaching you thins you don't need to know, young lady.
things
I would hope she would never have to even think about them, bc 
I want cyndrekit to remain as pure and unspoiled as possible.
No, I'm suggesting that she remain blissfully ignorant.
That's disgusting.
elby, you have defiled the woman I love.
Sir, I demand satisfaction!
Choose a weapon, I will choose a place, and we will meet at high noon.
I expect you to show me the courtesy of being awake and well dressed when it comes time for me to kill you, elby.
First_Incision, you're a southerner, make him understand.
It's not jealousy.
Right.
I was afraid this was elby's first time.
I am a gentleman, though, so I will kill him as quickly and painlessly as I can.
That way his second need not see him blubber in fear and pain.
This is intolerable.
But now, luisa, you're a darling.
I love having you in the channel.
Have I told you that?
cyndrekit, tell me it's not true.
Tell me none of it is true.
I don't find any Internet chicks disgusting.
I like everyone =
luisa, let's see a picture, please.
Because she has a webcam.
That's it right there.
You want the loot, you play the game.
Anyway, it would give us all pleasure to see a picture of you, so please pony up.
Right.
But who wants to see a beautiful thing only once?
I will, soon.
It's being developed.
elby, once more, cuts through all the cruft straight to the substance of the matter.
cyndrekit would have to be hideous for me to not find her attractive with that adorable attitude.
hurstdog is a relation, right?
I'm about us ugly on the outside as I am on the inside.
More or less.
There's room for quibble.
Then what do they have?
Oh come on.
I see tons of white girls every day, and I buy none of them anything.
Press 123 if you want to cyber.
I'll assume that you're just so excited that you made a typo.
I'll cyberrape you, then, with your consent.
Consensual cyberrape is often initiated after nonconsensual consent, so I'm still in the clear here.
Maybe I'm an evil cleric, bc 
Missing the point Or is monogamy a purely societal construct having little to do with who we as humans are?
Right, luisa.
Just like your consenual rape idea.
It was an object lesson.
Yeah, there's really only one thing it could be.
Actually, that's not true.
Is it a like a finger ring or an ear ring?
Maybe that's what he's asking.
I don't put a ring on my cock.
Don't disgust gentle luisa, she has delicate sensibilities.
I found that out last night when I described my bone spike condition 
Yes, fly to seattle, luisa.
I'm sure someone will reimburse you, luisa|.
You've plenty of time to balance your checkbook.
Again and again.
Dammit, you and your cyber.
Ooh, this is getting interesting.
So, bc, how about an IRC essay on cock rings?
Please?
You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
luisa is a type of ham.
A tasty type.
You're cute li'l brown ham.
Cute li'l brown ham coated with sugar, pinapple, and cherries.
What's wrong, luisa?
Do you wish to?
You're projecting!
Well, if you don't want to, I won't be too hurt.
I was trying to get elby to come too.
If elby will come, we'll do it.
If not, some other time.
Let somebody else make the decision!
That's why you did it in channel?
Did you forget how to /msg?
luisa is a little brown burger with bacon, slathered in guacamole.
That was ironic.
Teaches typing.
Right.
Speed is of the essense, because we don't all just sit here for hours, you know.
I need voice dictation software.
need voice.
dicdicdictation.
software.
hyuhyuhyu!
That's what would've been produced if I had such software.
It's a Scottish accent, actually, I think.
I have a special affinity for the Scots, and I don't like to see them insulted.
Scots?
You have to spend hours training Scots?
You are not evil.
You're a little pat of butter.
I even took a Scottish last name, that's how much I love the Scots.
It's MacHamish.
I actually do have a Scottish last name, but it isn't MacHamish.
Don't I, bc?
Why such an emphatic negative?
See, luisa, I do have a Socttish last name.
Scottish.
No, it's an intelligence test, only one with no pass/fail.
It's all fail.
As in, you're stupid to take that test.
elby, you poor doll.
Have a snickerdoodle.
You're most welcome.
Don't laugh!
Of course there is.
It's cinnamony
We should make snickerdoodles when you come to Seattle, luisa.
hush you.
I love all my coworkers, just like I love everyone.
I glide through the halls, my feet scarcely touching the carpet, blessing all I see.
luisa is an INTP.
Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, Perceiving.
In other words, a geek.
I am an ESTJ, according to that test.
Way to friggin' long, cyndrekit.
Just the fact that luisa read and answered all the questions indicates that she must be a geek.
I just pounded on <tab> and <space> until the form was filled in, then I submitted it.
It's true, luisa, you can't argue with that.
4CUTE LITTLE GEEK BUNNY HAM
I want a test that tells me when I can expect to get some fuckin' action, man.
er, wrong window.
elby, have you decided to stop being coquettish?
Yeah, and you had to take the test how many times before it said that?
You answered the way you felt, and the test told you that you are a geek.
Let it go, geek.
So cute, little geek.
I'd keep an eye on her.
Why were you searching for that?
Because you like to watch wives take it up the ass?
What food did you manage to rustle up?
I remember when I used to eat Taco Bell.
I am a Virtual Pet, cyndrekit.
I want cookies made with love.
HO HO HO
luisa's love is tasty
She has the aggressive gene, bc.
Are you?
You've told me to die repeatedly in the last 24 hours.
KEKEKEKEKE
I'm clothed in holiness.
There's actually an excellent reason not to IRC naked, but I'm not going to say what it is.
It's kind of gross.
And love, most of all.
All you need is love!
Not only did you think about it, you did it.
Remember?
Oh, not the webcam bit.
I wonder how many total hours were spent masturbating to fauxluisa.
I'd guess 5.
By everyone, luisa.
Well, really?
How long does it take to, like, finish?
I've never done it before.
I'm guessing 57 minutes.
Well, 60 had a wank.
Maybe some looked but didn't wank.
What the hell is that site, MessiahWWKD?
Imagine if you had a jug containing all the ejaculate expelled on your behalf, but without your knowledge.
How large would the jug need to be?
I didn't even get to finish 
That's a lot of jizz, MessiahWWKD.
My personality is so special that it can't be adequately described by a simple test.
MessiahWWKD, have you ever looked at Jin while jerking?
You're an INTP, luisa.
It's right there for easy reference.
How many times?
I'm in a foul mood, luisa 
Save me.
There is something wrong with wanting Jin.
She's ugly!
Don't gainsay me, fool!
She's ugly!
You call everyone a whore.
Yeah, because you have to stare at a bible, not her tits, MessiahWWKD.
Do you even know what her face looks like?
Slow down, sweet talkin' luisa.
You've got me runnin', you've got me searchin'.
Hold on, sweet talkin' luisa, so sad if that's the way it's over.
An innocent Wiccan?
Wiccans are required to have orgies.
Are too.
Orgies are depraved.
How many times have you orgied, bunny?
No, we are not.
Also, luisa, you should listen to that too.
goddamn it
lo, peeps
In Seattle, bc.
Seattle has a little bit of everything.
Don't go to texas.
It is not.
luisa wants to get her claws into you.
Could you choose a girl for me?
Fantastic.
You'd probably choose a real stinker to get back at me.
Painton latex clothing is an abomination.
em got a FUSS on the MBTI.
I told you, bc.
I'm extremely dedicated, and I have trouble expressing emotion, but I'm not as bad at sensing it as all that.
I care, but I have trouble expressing my care.
No, I don't express that very well either, elby.
Since I am good, I must be an INTP.
Well, maybe not.
I don't know any Star Trek dialog and I've never used TeX.
bc, you pick one for me.
And just who have I raped?
Why should you think I share a personality with rapists?
I have not!
At least she doesn't constantly tell you to die whenever you talk about food 
Events don't usually have names.
People do, as do cities.
Cars do, and foods.
But events?
Only a few events have names.
With all, to all, for all?
Clarify, plz.
It's Vladinator.
What out?
Here in #vladeKua5y, we're all your friends, though.
So don't worry about it!
How many 'q's, luisa?
waskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdfjgjlfdjgwaskdkwajdakfkejqaakfjeoireoousnmvsdjrequsierusjfjdslvjsmdlgjlsdf
That wasn't instantly 
No, luisa.
That would get tiresome.
Instead, you should adore me 2/3 of the time, and I'll adore you 2/3 of the time.
elby, can you do a hat dance?
Mexican or otherwise.
What about a hat trick?
Maybe more than one?
I wish I had a giant orange novelty sombrero too 
There's mutual adorance at least 1/3 of the time.
Isn't that enough?
I think a relationship needs to simmering angst of unrequited adoration.
to/the
And let me tell you, being adored but not adoring is great.
Really, wsl3, the topic has been beat to hell.
You didn't know, it's OK.
Night!
Nasty is unCatholic, surely.
Was the Virgin Mary ever nasty?
Why's that?
Well you can tell by the way I use my walk, I'm a woman's man, no time to talk.
You're disgusting, pb.
First_Incision, do you know where the Pieta is?
I'm intrigued by his Mary, and I want to see the actual piece.
I suspect it's in the Vatican, though.
That's a ways from here.
Do I have to convert to be allowed in?
I should hope not.
I do know how to behave.
Oh heavens, that's wrong.
No, it's not that.
I feel that Mary in the sculpture is an actual person and that endlessly reproducing the piece disrespects her.
Especially on keychains and such.
I don't worship her; I just think she's due respect.
I thought it somewhat odd, since you're the one required to worship Mary.
Six of this, a half dozen of the other, em.
She's been crying?
Postcards, key chains.
Tshirts, next?
I'd quite like to see the Cavallino, actually.
Nobody tells me these things.
When's it coming to Seattle?
I need a secretary.
Administrative assistant.
Whatever they're called these days.
Saying that felt wrong.
I really meant, When's she coming to Seattle.
Drat it all.
What sort of tables?
I put bills on my dining area table.
My coffee table is generally empty.
I move my bills to my desk when i'm ready to pay them, then file them after I do.
My system can't be beat.
I pay everything except water and electricity online.
There doesn't seem to be a way to pay those except by mail.
My water bill isn't hardly anything.
What did I do this time?
What are you reading?
What's the boy supposed to do while you read?
Finals?
luisa, I swear you're describing something I've actually done several times.
She was reading some textbook, I think, and I was reading Reid.
Not quite classical, but close.
I was the same way in school, First_Incision.
B's put you in the bottom quarter?
It's not graded on a curve, I take it.
Or a wonky curve.
I had a class where we were required to turn in 6 precis over the course of 10 weeks.
A large number of the students didn't bother.
The prof ended up threatening to fail a third of the class over it.
And he would've, too, but the administration intervened.
He was one of my favorite profs by the way.
The same prof once ordered a student out of the classroom because he hadn't done the reading.
It was a freshman class, too.
In the same class, he once harshly lectured everyone because we were looking at him, and thus apparently not concentrating on taking notes.
heh, this same prof that I've been talking about the whole time once had to miss two class sessions for a conference and assigned some of us to teach.
He really was awesome.
He mellowed out a lot in the four years I took from him.
I think I came in the same year he did, and now he's a bit more laid back.
I majored in partay, man.
I'm kidding.
I majored in Journalism.
I didn't actually 
It's a personal question.
I don't feel comfortable answering.
Take melatonin.
Or is it dangerous?
You should know!
What do you mean?
Do you know what puts me out like you wouldn't believe?
Note, I'm generally restless and I can't sleep without melatonin.
I can't take naps, either.
However, if I lay still on my back with a girl with her head on my chest just lying still and being quiet, I cannot stay awake to save my life.
It doesn't matter how alert I feel beforehand, I'm going down.
I'm serious, and it's really bizarre.
I can't just lay on my back and be still and expect it to happen.
Well, it would've been wrong for us to sleep together, so one of us had to stay awake at all times.
OK, good.
cuz we did.
I hope that doesn't change your perception of me.
You've got me wrong.
It's kip!
I don't think he's going to answer us.
So are you!
You need to get to bed.
You've a busy day tomorrow!
luisa is up extra late.
I wonder why.
No, she's thinking of me.
Now run along to bed.
So your bright and chipper in the morning!
you're
Early afternoon.
I'm not trying to get rid of you.
I'm trying to get you out of bed in time to have a super fantastic wondeful time of funness with us.
It's all the in sell, my man.
in the
Can't type.
luisa, baby darling?
Why are you still up?
I might, if you show.
No, actually.
I never would under any circumstances 
You're not.
And you couldn't be.
What's that to do with anything?
See, one couldn't have different parents than one did have.
So, given that I'm not your father, I couldn't have been your father.
Luckily I'm a virgin!
I couldn't touch a girl like.
Pardon?
Miller High Life.
You're drunk!
Miller Life, sounds like a cross between a beer and a breakfast cereal.
I've still never had alcohol between when I woke up and 1pm.
Right.
You've never done that, though.
You need to find some nude women.
Then you need to sell your pictures.
It'd be a job, but it wouldn't feel like it!
I am too.
goodnight
I will enjoy some rest now, yes.
Good night!
That's your approach to sex, too.
The sooner I sleep, the sooner I can start dreaming about luisa|.
I've already lost that will.
You're keeping me up, though.
Can't, too sleepy.
Anyway, like sex without foreplay means nothing to me.
I don't think sex really matters.
luisa will understand that I'm tired.
luisa 
I'm sleepy!
luisa|> i love sleeping that way
You love sleeping!
You foolishly didn't fly to Seattle earlier.
There are so many boys up here.
How would it be odd?
It's 330 am there.
An absurd time!
Again?
With who this time?
I don't see how I can be blamed for that.
Stop it, both of you.
I can't hold a thought 
me & qpt
Oh well.
Watch yourself around elby, though.
He tends to take what isn't given him.
El By.
My name is Frederick Picklesworth.
elby, somethings should not be dug up.
Right.
I could not love anyone in this channel.
All my love is reserved for another.
All my romanticstyle love.
Of course I love all of you as sisters and brothers.
You have lust, I know.
luisa.
bc blabbed, you should know.
No, no.
I really am going to bed  now.
What for, elby?
Go on.
Not yet.
Well, what is it, man?
Good night, darling luisa sweety bug.
Start at the beginning, elby, but not too far back.
Do you not actually have anything to tell me?
Go to bed!
There's no I in team.
There's meat in team, though.
met mat
Enough!
Now, where were we?
I imagine the Scottish team still lost?
It was a damn soccer game six years ago.
How many countries are there in Europe?
36, maybe?
No, not 80 or 90.
44, according to one count.
Does the Vatican even field a soccer team?
Even though the Turks are clearly barbarian brownskins.
Oh great, it's him.
He's an Austrian.
I don't think so.
However, I don't pay attention to stuff that happened before I was born.
Or that happened before today, really.
I concern myself only with the future.
I am ever scrying, trying to peer through the fog of time.
There's a fantastic review of Solaris on Slashdot.
Hello, elby!
The idiot reviewer goes off rambling about Jedi Knights.
Shut up!
Nethack is for geeks, like luisa.
at what, MessiahWWKD?
uh, you're the one who fell for three girls over MSN chat.
Falling for someone over the Internet is extremely geeky, and what's more, it's wrong.
Thank heaves bc's never done that.
How do you know what they look like?
Oh, OK.
I guess you must know what they look like!
Or maybe you know what their prettier sisters look like.
It's not difficult to find dozens and dozens of pictures of a girl.
Going to camp, at the grandparent's for Christmas, you name it.
The beauty is real, it's just someone else's.
El By, are you around?
You are so incredibly naive.
There can be no love over teh Intarnet.
That's right, bc, teh girl you think loves does not.
loves you
Anyway, bc, luisa was telling me something interesting last night.
0131 <luisa|> and i think you made me fall in love again
0131 <luisa|> for which i dislike you
0132 <qpt> Again?
With who this time?
0132 <luisa|> with barry, of course
I didn't make it up.
elby has it too.
No, no.
He was there.
He can confirm.
I don't see why you would frown.
Isn't it good to have as many people in love with you as possible?
0132 <luisa|> who else would i be in love with?
0132 <qpt> I don't see how I can be blamed for that.
0132 <luisa|> you instigated issues and troubles
I don't see the problem, frankly.
I wish someone were in love with me!
That would be great.
I really do.
I've never been loved and I want to know what it's like.
Well, you don't believe me.
Plus, you're jaded to that sort of thing.
You must be!
Women come and go constantly for you.
Every day, five new women fall for you, and five get over you.
It's a never ending cycle.
The total size of the pool is about a thousand, I expect.
luisa.
Also, Jin.
And these are just Internet girls.
The odds that I would know any girl at all who has fallen for you are astronomically low, yet I know two!
There must truly be billions of them.
By their own words they did!
Are you calling them liars?
She mentioned in an ICQ conversation that she wouldn't have fallen for you had you been American.
She really said that 
I swear she did.
Also, cyndrekit wants you.
I'm sure she does.
No, it's just a intuition on my part.
I can always tell when someone has it for someone else.
Is she hot?
I wouldn't hit it.
To me?
What was it?
I don't have any terrible thing in mind.
Well, she's probably fat or ugly, so it's OK.
No, but they can be ugly without being fat.
The connotation was fat or <merely> ugly
I'm sorry it didn't come across like that, though.
I think elby's not going to come, which is disappointing, but it'll be fun to see momo.
I don't see why.
Hello, cyndrekit.
Did you play?
Yeah, you've the figure of a whale!
Are you?
That's a shame.
I'm OK with that.
I'm off!
I am a space reptile.
I don't know.
cyndrekit, can I tell you something?
I think Linux may violate the DMCA, actually.
IANAL, but IHO, RTFM and FOAD.
adequacy has one of the best op/user ratios, too.
8/3 right now.
Hello, love 
Spammers.
He did the same in #k5, bc.
I feel sorry for poor Winona.
She doesn't deserve to go to prison.
That's for sure.
bc, why aren't you using apostophes correctly?
Naturism is mysterious to me.
I think being clothed really is the natural state.
That babies are born naked is entirely an irrelevant coincidence.
Stop it, bc.
I think no one should ever expose more than 50% of their skin in public.
bc, what would you do with it?
No, ej, I really do think that.
Also, if you gainsay me regarding my own opinion again, ej, I will ban you.
You're welcome to respond saying that you would prefer people to show more than 50% of their skin in public, though.
What belief?
I suppose one would have to ask what the intended target of that belief was.
Do beliefs have targets?
Then you mean 95%.
I don't see why anyone would want to see that much skin in public.
I can understand wanting to enjoy the exposed skin of one's lover in the privacy of one's own dwelling, but that of a stranger in public?
I'm entirely mystified.
Correct, Lumpen.
Men and women should cover their pubic regions, their chests, and their rears.
Girls are pretty, and that's why they should be covered up.
bc, how would you feel if cyndrekit flaunted herself on some beach, wearing little more than a few carefully placed threads and patches?
It would break my heart; I know that.
Society doesn't need my attitude to change.
bc, ah, but someone is attached to every single female in existance.
I'm just taking the large view.
Excessive skin showing is prima facie wrong.
You're going to have to do better than vague handwaving about society's needs to convince me otherwise.
By the way, I know you like leering at mostlynude women, so don't bother to bring that up either.
I'm not forcing my viewpoint on anyone.
I'm just saying what I think.
Surely that's allowed?
As a matter of fact, I don't think it's just wrong for me, though.
I think it's wrong for everyone.
Well, bc, we could get into a shouting match about who's right and who's wrong, but that would be pointless.
We both have our convictions, and one of us is going to burn for theirs, and that's that.
No, bc.
Because it's wrong to expose too much of one's skin in public.
I mentioned that.
No, I was trying to help you feel with the wrongness when I said that; I wasn't trying to prove that it is wrong.
Why is anything wrong?
It just is.
Overexposure of skin is irreducibly evil.
Like you might feel heat, or see light, bc.
Perceive the wrongness using your innate faculties that are directed toward that task.
Maybe your moral sense is defective.
I think I was being liberal when I said 50%.
I would prefer that only faces, hands, and forearms were exposed in public.
Exposing them is often a matter of practical import.
I often roll my sleeves up when working.
Maybe those societies are living in sin, bc.
Wouldn't be the first time a society did that.
Lumpen, I would prefer people didn't bathe in public.
However, disallowing work in public seems pointless.
Fortunately, it's actually wrong to bathe in public.
I think rolling sleeves up is fine, though.
Of course, it would be wrong of someone to roll their sleeves up around you if you take offense from it.
So what?
I don't understand the argument.
Sure, people in the past did wrong things.
So do people in other countries and this one.
What of it?
If the bathing took place in a publicly accessible bath house that was clearly marked the bathing was not visible from the outside, and if the bathhouse was policed for gayness, I would not object.
I just want a little decency, you know?
I don't think my duty is to flee to some environ in which I would be more comfortable.
I think it's indencent to have women not bath.
disgusting, too.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness, you know.
Provakativ would be the Russian spelling.
In Soviet Russia, Provakativ transiliterates you.
transliterates
I don't really understand.
I am a lifelong celibate, and the sound of women bathing does nothing for me.
I've only heard it a few times.
ej, most of my experience hearing women bathing comes from dorms, and dorm girls giggle like mad when bathing.
I don't think it did make a lasting impression, though.
eh, they're just girls bathing.
Everyone has to do it.
So the fact that I have access makes it unprovacotive, even though I choose not to utilize that access?
There's a certain sense to that.
Lumpen is also in Seattle, ej.
I'll use that as a fallback explanation for people who can't understand morality, First_Incision.
I learned on K5 that Jewishness and The Aids are more correlated than HIV and The Aids are.
You actually can, ej.
HIV & The Aids are basically unrelated.
AIDS is caused by immorality.
It's not automated.
4M9e4r9r4y9C4h9r4i9i4s9t4m9a4s
4M9e4r9r4y9C4h9r4i9i4s9t4m9a4s
I don't even like Christmas that much.
I always have trouble thinking of gifts to buy people.
I'm the same way.
Nobody buys me stuff that expensive, though P
Also, I have to buy a gift for the office gift exchange 
What in blazes is appropriate?
Neither would be appropriate.
Also, there's a $10 limit.
That's a good idea, actually.
I need to buy it tomorrow, I think.
That's what what I'm looking for.
I don't care if anyone wants it; I just want to look good.
I should bring up these little problems more often.
adequacy is an invaluable source of advice!
Hmm, it looks like the office Christmas party is Tuesday.
Good thing I thought about that.
Stop playing nethack.
Or we'll hold an intervention.
Addict.
Ugh, I really, really don't want to work tomorrow.
Right.
Can't you relate?
It is!
Oh, I'm not working tomorrow.
I don't care.
I'm not going in tomorrow.
How well educated does a person have to become before he'll stop saying was like.
I, the future, is gonna rock.
bc, bc, what are we to do with you?
On your test?
Just think of all the riches that this will bring you.
Still not opped, chum.
I'm going to smack some sense into that fellow some day.
I'm going to knock on his door one day, and when he answers, say qpt says 'hi.
then kick him in the groin and leave.
That'll sober him right up.
I am, bc.
We do, yes.
Damn it, you don't have a replicator.
You're from Earth, too.
STOP THIS NONSENSE
I hope you choke on a quanta.
Why not?
So you have unlimited energy?
If you're being sarcastic, please stop 
Ban him now.
Yeah, you suck for sure, bc.
No, I don't.
I'm feeling really stupid right now.
Yeah, playing.
First_Incision, you could kick and ban like mad right now.
You could ban everyone and claim the channel as your own!
What did you do, bc?
First_Incision has ascended!
cyndrekit, you were gone earlier, but I wanted to tell you something.
I just want to apologize for insulting you.
I feel bad about offending you.
I need to do some of that tomorrow.
I have trouble thinking of what to get people, though.
Like what?
It's only 8pm, Lumpen.
Take some stimulants and go drinking.
bc once tricked me into mixing whisky and coke.
It was obscene.
It might be different with a whiskey, but somehow I doubt it.
Maybe I got the proportions wrong.
I don't know.
It was so foul, though.
Maker's Mark & Coke is actually fantastic.
Try it.
Are you seriously still playing that?
Then you could nethack on the tube.
bc, please, tell me what the appeal is.
Did I give up too soon?
I imagine luisa naked every moment I talk to her.
I don't get it.
Alcohol should be drunk, not put in cars.
That's all I have to say about that.
bc, a few questions.
The game is turn based, right, and you take a turn by doing something?
I didn't even pay enough attention to notice that 
That's my only question, actually.
I will try it again!
I just mashed on the keyboard like mad!
Well, I'll try it again tomorrow.
I'll take it slower.
That's kind of lame, really.
Blammed?
Oh, right.
I wonder who he was looking for.
Maybe bc lied to me.
So monsters don't move as long as you don't
do anything?
I'm making toast.
So is Linux!
You're not free to do that with other software, Lumpen.
I thought of you, cyndrekit, as I ate my garlic toast.
Apple Computer thinks of cyndrekit while eating garlic toast?
You should boycott GPL software, bc.
I think it's cute how often you say QED when it hasn't been.
Do I ever say QED?
I never do!
Absolutely not.
LALALALA
Qua is entirely different.
Earlier today I said prima facie.
Don't forget to bring that up.
What game do you want?
He's using Kazaa Lite, the smart money says.
Nobody'd ever accuse you of being the smart money, bc.
Hullo, zikzak!
In Bellevue, probably, drinkin' beer 'n' playin' video games.
4zik9zak
Christmas zikzak.
I hoep u liek.
I wish luisa were here.
Now bc asks, Why, so you could torment her?
Admit it, bc, you were typing that.
3Cyndre4kit
Lumpen, put a ski mask on, drive to a video game store, pick out your video game, and drive home.
Easy.
Not so.
There's one that's open until 11pm in Tukwilla.
Please don't ask why I know that 
I hate the porn ads.
They show you porn before you've agreed that you want to see it!
How rude is that.
You suspect?
NO, YOU CLICK ON IT.
ADMIT IT.
clicked
I hate you.
How old are you, ubu?
She wasn't even 3/4 your age, ubu.
That's pretty young.
Yes, it is.
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Will you attend church?
wsl3, #adequacy is not a stage on which you are permitted to reenact the inquisition.
And you're nutty, cyndrekit.
Oh so nutty.
What's odd?
Well, if all Haitian es have an accented sound, they should be written with an accent.
That seems obvious.
em, but what if the letter is always pronounced as though it did have an accent?
I think you're looking at this too narrowly.
Or you could edit your favorite font.
Adequacy Now with even less original content.
You draw the line at mistyping your name?
Just what is a cyndrekit?
I always read it as a kit, more specifically, a kit of the cyndre sort.
I'm not sure if that's correct, though.
If I had to guess, I'd say it was a corruption of cinder kit or fire fox.
So my analysis is nonense 
I'm slightly put off by your apparent facination with sin and evil.
cyndrekit, I'm not sure you even know what evil is, frankly.
Are there evil people in here?
Am I the only one, bc?
I don't want to be evil if Vlad is 
Howdy, elby.
Lumpen, I happened to /whois you and I'm curious about your IRC name.
It's attention in here, young lady.
No AOLspeak, please.
Inspector Rumblepants
Well, Rumblepants has all of 6 hits on Google.
How'd you happen upon the name?
So, cyndrekit, what is evil?
But do we want to live backwards?
cyndrekit, have you had any actual contact with evil?
Or is it all just an imaginative but innocent girl's flight of fancy at the moment?
Admit it, you don't know what evil is.
I ask, Lumpen, because my sister used to call her baby daughter rumblepants, for reasons you can probably figure out if you give it enough thought.
I suppose.
cyndrekit's IRC name is somewhat dull.
elby's is confusing.
Mine hints darkly.
wsl3's is mercenary.
Night, bug.
She's gone, man.
I was too sleepy to say no.
I'm never too sleepy to say no to that.
That you're a deviated prevert.
zykzak is the preferred spelling, by the way.
I'm feeling sleepy.
That seems reasonable, but I'm sure elby will veto.
Night folks.
Hello, bc.
I need to go shopping before it gets dark.
I wanted to check something at a web site first, but it's down >
Damn teh Intarnet.
I didn't say anything about booze.
That sounds nice, though.
I'll have to remember to pick some up.
Well, no vomit.
And alcohol is a definite plus.
Dehydration isn't fun, though.
One you made yourself?
Well, that's fairly enterprising, bc.
Hello, cyndrekit!
I wish teh damned Intarnet worked.
wsl3, if you were stuck on a deserted island and could only have 500 lbs of women with you, how many women would you have?
I would have 4 or 5.
Really, I picked a bad number.
If I had 5, I'd have to fatten 'em up a tad, but if I had 4, they'd need to work a bit off.
Not a big deal, though.
80lbs is too small!
Maybe bc is just thinking for the future.
Good idea, bc!
I'd have a 9 year old, too.
She'll grow up!
And when she does, the original ones will be old.
wsl3, your wife used to be nine.
She must've been so tiny, bc.
I suppose 4'9 works for you, but that's just too short for me.
bc, right, but I'd like my variation to be between 100 and 125 pounds, but I kinda screwed that up by specifying a 500 lb total.
ra, the original question wsl3, if you were stuck on a deserted island and could only have 500 lbs of women with you, how many women would you have?
Revoltingly.
I think 4'11  5'5 is an appropriate height range.
He's going to wait until she's legal, ra.
I don't see the problem.
Nobody said anything about marriage.
I don't understand the moral principle here.
It's wrong to marry someone who was once a child?
I'm not rearing no friggin' child, either.
Oh, so it's wrong to marry someone you were around as a child?
What the hell?
You can't marry anyone you went to school with?
Anyone from your hometown?
I'm sure God will be pleased with your murdering someone for not doing anything at all.
Nobody is planning on molesting a child!
Can't you get that through your thick skull?
Damn it, you moron, there is to be no child molestation!
God doesn't like murderers either, you violent fuck.
It's a shame there's no way to reliably determine who's a rapist and who's not, wsl3.
It's God's punishment for molesting children, bc.
It will now reproduce in your gut until millions of tiny flies engorge your abdominal cavity.
No, you haven't, bc, and thank God He's not as slowwitted and stubbornly stupid as some of His followers.
It's just a tiny fly, ra.
Were they all romance novels?
Come on, tell us.
I bet the last one was a romance novel.
Why won't you?
I bet it was, and that's why you won't tell us.
What was the center of ita/
Yiked.
Just give us the damn title.
Are you afraid we'll mock you, is that it?
Well, we mock you nigh constantly already.
Come on, there's a good fellow.
Miss Melpomene Fiske is left in the care of her greedy aunt who is planning on marrying her off to the odious Frederick.
Pommy, never one to accept her fate silently, decides to escape through the window and while attempting to climb down the vine next to her window, she falls down and is caught redhanded by a very drunk Lord Justin Harcourt.
ha ha
I don't believe you.
We're all well aware of your excessive interest in romance, bc.
I would.
However, it's refreshing to see someone error in that direction.
This channel is full of hard, angry men and brazen tramps.
Right.
Oh enough!
You get the point.
And there's you and cyndrekit.
You and cyndrekit don't fit the mold.
The two of you are not artfully cruel, simmering with rage, sexually promiscuous, or any of the other things that characterize this channel.
I'm not telling you to change.
I'm just pointing out that you don't fit in.
eh, sure, ra.
Whatever you say
I suppose I'd fall primarily under artfully cruel.
Let me tell you, too, when one sees momocrome, the first thing one thinks is, My god, that's an angry, angry man.
No, I was being sarcastic.
I enjoyed it too.
I think things went swimingly.
I ran away and hid.
Like nethack?
Can you not save?
Right.
You need to get that last attack materia and link it to pheonix.
phoenix
I don't remember what the materia is actually called, though.
cyndrekit, I think that you sometimes tease poor bc a bit much.
He's a sensitive soul.
I disagree, she's not at all vicious.
She's a precious lamb, but sometimes her play is overenthusiastic and a bit rough.
That doesn't maker her vicious, though.
Well, take a broader perspective.
Viciousness doesn't mean well, and doesn't feel regret when informed of the harm it's caused.
I'm sure he quite enjoys that.
bc has never been one to turn down attention from the ladies.
I didn't say that.
I just said that you enjoy attention from the ladies.
And you do!
Uh huh.
You've never /msged me endlessly about how you'd like to walk along the beach with a cashmereclad em or RobotSlave.
No, it's just cyndrekit that you talk like that about.
Well, OK.
There aren't any females likable enough for me to take that sort of interest in.
Suit yourself.
I wouldn't want to meet someone who changed my mind, though.
In this moment of sanity I have made what I believe is the right choice.
I don't know if I could trust myself to remember the reasons if my mind were clouded by emotion, though.
Nothing, as such.
When emotion causes one to act contrary to a reasoned decision, though, then emotion has become dangerous.
No, Melpomene, there are nonemotional motivations.
In fact, I think motivations are entirely different sorts of things than emotions, although the latter often contributes to the former.
The motivation to find food, Melpomene.
Not as the word is commonly used.
An emotion is just a mode of selfreflective sensation.
A motivation is an intention to perform a particular action or sort of action.
I'm going to go look for the perfect gift.
Not really.
Be back in a bit!
I did my shopping!
Well, I bought some odds and ends that I just needed around the house, and for the office gift exchange, I bought a collection of Dickinson poems.
I'm not sure if any of them will want it, but I would, so I'm going off that.
My first choice was Browning, but he's too creepy.
Then I considered Burns, but he's too Scottish.
I was tempted to, but he's got less general appeal.
I personally prefer him, mind you.
So, why are you pretending to be the muse of tragedy?
And you're a neanderthal who lives on a space station.
The fact that you claim to hate lies sickens me.
I don't want to hear about it.
You've demonstrated no superiority to me!
Why can't such an advanced civilization as yours manage a reliable network connection?
He even likes other people's lies if they're told to other people and entertain him, cyndrekit.
Suspicious?
You're constantly telling us that you're a neanderthal.
If that doesn't convince us, why would a reliable network connection?
To be skeptical?
I don't ever suffer from ping timeouts.
Does anyone suspect that I'm a neanderthal because of it?
Very rarely.
That usually only happens when I get excited during some extrahot cyber and kick the cable loose.
The heck it is.
Do you have <whatever for Dumies and Idiots Guide to <whatever> books in Scotland, bc?
I couldn't believe how many of them there were when I was at the bookstore!
There was both an Idiot's Guide to Philosophy and Philosophy for Dummies, I noticed.
I've never seen anyone read them either.
If I needed such a book, I think I'd be too ashamed to buy it.
They aren't just computer books, bc.
They exist for most every subject.
Do you read Idiots and Dummies books, cyndrekit?
Then how do you know how bad they are?
There was a Shakespeare for Dummies.
I almost wanted to see what was in it.
Also a Poetry for Dummies.
WWII for Dummies.
It was surreal.
Cooking for Dummies, I noticed.
I browsed around in the book store for quite a while.
What's a bluffer?
OK, was just wondering if it meant something else there.
So the idea of a Bluffer's Guide is to give one just enough proficiency in a given subject to pretend to be able to talk about it?
I'd like a Bluffer's Guide to wine, actually.
I just don't care about wine, but I feel I should be able to talk about it more informatively than I currently can.
Or that all his poems were written by Bacon.
Or both!
Now I wonder if there's a Sex for Dummies.
I hope there isn't, but I know there is 
I hope you haven't been reading such things, cyndrekit.
I wonder what information a Sex for Dummies book has in it.
College has made you competent at sex, cyndrekit?
OK, good.
I don't feel any need to bluff about it.
I'm sure I'm awful at sex, and I'm proud of it!
proficient
I know everything I need to know about sex, romance, relationships, and what not.
Don't worry 'bout it, cyn.
Even the greatest writer needs the help of a lowly copy editor.
I wish I could go by my first two initials.
I just got stuck with a bad pair, though.
Not as bad as bc's, though.
Oh geeze.
I'll remember that.
muahahahahahha!
That's a bit scary.
I don't see quite what all the fuss is.
If I ever want a woman, I'll just buy cyndrekit chocolates.
uh, I mean I'll buy her chocolates.
Whoever she might be.
Raving about the stupids is a very geeky thing to do.
Visit K5 and note how many diaries are devoted to complaining about how many stupid people there are.
I'm going to make dinner instead.
More geekiness!
Stop it.
I insist.
And romance.
And romance novels, movies, and everything els.
bc is.
Quote some Monty Python for us, bc.
Have we seen cyndrekit?
It's really not fair of you to mock bc's looks and keep your own hidden, cyndrekit.
I'm simply wondering if any of us have seen you at all, cyndrekit.
Racist.
Right.
Buttery toast?
With garlic?
Why not?
I didn't realize that only the French ate garlic.
That's what's nice about America.
Nothing is really foreign, but nothing is really domestic.
It's just a big borrowed mishmash.
Strange.
I eat garlic frequently.
What I like to do is chop a few cloves up, mash 'em with a pinch of salt in a morter and pestle, then spread it on good bread with softened butter and toast under a broiler.
Well, Indian and Thai food is ubiquitous here.
Even people?
I once mashed a scullery maid's hand in a mortar and pestle for breaking a dish.
I derived no enjoyment from it, but she needed to be taught.
I did that as well.
There were two issues, really.
The broken dish and her carelessness.
The deduction took care of the dish, but did nothing to correct her carelessness.
From the way you talk, I'd think you'd never had servants.
I've always found that you can't give the buggers an inch.
So, the errant serfs were beat to death and then sent to Siberia?
I always hated having to whip someone.
I really take no pleasure in causing pain.
Sometimes, they leave you no choice, though.
Am I right?
It is more or less traditional in my area to punish the servants personally.
Having someone else do it would make me look weak.
Allowances are made, of course, in the case of huge staffs, but I only ever kept twenty servants or so.
It wasn't common, by any means.
A few times a year, I imagine.
The servants, for the most part, had enough cleverness to realize that their lives would be much happier if they did as they should, and I in turn was willing to pay a bit more than the local average for the luxury of not having to worry about that aspect of my affairs very frequently.
Good day, cyndrekit.
It is evening, isn't it?
It sneaked up on me.
Entertain me!
Then /part.
blathering idiots.
blathering
ima bot
Whenever cyndrekit visits #k5 her innocence is abused.
Oh, right, this is the channel that abuses cyndrekit's innocence 
That's really, really disgusting, cyndrekit.
I feel sorry for the poor fellow 
I wonder if I'll look like that after all my plastic surgery.
I just want to be beautiful, that's all.
No one could love the hideous freak I am 
I don't like hideous freaks!
Melpomene is the name of a character in a romance novel bc was taken with.
First_Incision, the parts of my lips on the sides of my mouth keep getting chapped.
What should I do?
It's just dryness and cracking of the skin.
No, more cracked open than flaky.
Hmm, I actually did run out of Vitamin C a bit over a week ago and haven't been back for more.
Thanks!
I hope my problem isn't related to all the bjs I give down at the local gay bar for drinks 
I was just kidding about that, of course.
I'm still not going to give blowjobs, thanks.
I'd rather die than touch my mouth to genitalia.
I'm actually getting over a cold sore.
My mouth has just been miserable 
I don't know how I got it.
It probably was from my mother >
It never goes away, right?
I even tried draining all the blood from my body and replacing it with the blood of a virgin.
Didn't work.
The immune system is idiotic sometimes.
I know someone who has an immune system that hates peanuts so much that it will kill her if she eats any.
I don't kill people when they serve me food that I don't prefer.
Melpomene, stop it!
That never happened.
No, it didn't.
Anyway, you don't want your immune system to be too kick arse.
That causes problems.
I'll introduce foreign bodies into your system if you don't shape up.
So he is.
I'm not going to let my kids eat shit.
Damn it.
I'm actually not going to have kids, so it doesn't matter.
I'd hate to be a parent.
What a thankless, joyless task that must be.
I'd think it would be more.
Canadians are smart people, they should all realize that Bush is a greater threat than Saddam.
bc, are you dvchaos?
A K5 user.
Well, this isn't a very nice channel.
Have we met, murjon?
cyndrekit, can we talk for a moment?
That fellow who just left, murjon, was what we call a spy bot.
Now, I don't expect you to be able to pick the spy bots from the normal users all on your own, but really, what have we been telling you your whole life about talking to strangers?
You told him everything he wanted to know!
I can't stay annoyed at you.
Just try not to divulge too many #adequacy secrets to spies in the future, OK?
I wouldn't call her ugly.
I have a hot lips shirt.
Her lips might be hot.
Did you try giving her a kiss?
Also, I'm bleeding 
Something came through the window and hit my in the side.
It didn't really hurt, but it's starting to bleed quite a bit 
Actually, that was a lie.
My lip is bleeding because I picked at it
Yes, yes you did 
I'm just helping you get used to having people come crying to you for advice than not follow it, no matter how simple and straightforward it is.
Hello, all my dear friends 
Do you want help hacking the quiz?
Hello, freak.
I had a dream last night, it was very unusual from my perspective.
First, some backstory.
I have a reoccurring dream, or dream element, really, of not being able to run or move.
Very, very often in a dream, I am unable to run.
I try to, but I'm just too light, and my feet are too slippery.
So I just kind of slip there, and push myself slightly into the air, like a balloon.
I have these dreams all the time.
I never remember where I want to get, or why, but I just can't.
Last night, though, it was different.
My feet dug into the concrete at every step, and my legs were incredibly strong.
I propelled myself at fantastic speeds!
If a door was in my way, I lowered my shoulder and demolished it.
It was magnificent.
I still don't remember where I was going or why, though \
I wonder if it's a sign.
If it is, it sounds like a good one.
I remember being grimly resolute in the dream, as though I was running to something important, but I knew I would get there in plenty of time.
It was a real contrast to past incarnations of the dream.
I hope I'm not running to have sex with Willow 
That would disappoint me.
Have you tried contacting the actress who plays that character, MessiahWWKD?
I was thinking you should write, first.
As to what you should do, just let your natural charisma and charm do their work.
When I was out today, I noticed that the big arcade downtown has put in a bar upstairs.
I think I read the sign correctly.
That just struck me as really strange, though.
Have you ever heard of such thing?
I didn't either.
I'll check it out soon and report back.
Is it?
I've only been in there once.
Kids are too busy doing drugs these days, and robbing old ladies.
Interesting strategy, though, to revive a failing arcade by selling overpriced drinks.
in an arcade!
The idea is ludicrous.
I'll buy cyndrekit a Segway, so her feet do not need to touch the hard, dirty ground.
Well, you could run barefoot through the grass, sure, but it would protect you from the grime of the city streets and such.
I hope he isn't in love with Willow from the movie!
I wonder how many channels more or less like #adequacy exist.
The thing is, the people in those channels would think they were better then us, just as we'd think we were better than them.
It's all ego here, baby.
I wonder how a Segway would do on a steep, slippery hill.
I wonder if it would be useful to run cyndrekit down as she fled barefoot through the grass.
It's up to 12.
5 MPH.
Eh, that's a 5 minute mile.
Pretty brisk.
There are plenty of people who could outrun it and plenty of people who couldn't.
Also, it's probably slower in grass.
So I wouldn't be able to run cyn down 
for 5000 lbs, you could probably hire someone to pull you about in a cozy little covered cart.
A rickshaw.
I've never seen one in person.
Does it pay better than driving a taxi?
They're counting on it, those sneaky bastards.
I have the feeling I'm forgetting to do something.
I really don't know.
Probably nothing.
I lead a carefree life!
I've stopped.
I think it was that I was supposed to balance my checkbook today but didn't.
I'll do it tomorrow.
Finances are a pain.
I should have someone to do this for me.
cyn reminds me a lot of someone I know.
Giggly, cute, carefree, innocent.
Friendly and outgoing, but not shallow.
They also both like to tease.
The wretched thing is, this girl is fat 
It's horrible.
I'll say.
She even has a strikingly attractive face.
So very, very close, yet so far.
She should!
She isn't even very fat, but definitely too fat.
I think you're getting ahead of yourself.
I was only thinking of her own prospects and how they're hurt by being overweight.
You've a strange schedule, bc.
Ahoy, ahoy, ahoyahoyahooooyyyyy!
I've had a margarita.
It was OK.
I think I'll make myself a bucketsize margarita now.
cyndrekit, momocrome, hello.
That's like, cool.
You know.
My client automatically types creepy, creepy shit when I'm away.
It's frustrating.
I don't know how to get it to stop.
There must be more than that, bc.
Were they Cossacks?
I guess not.
Yeah, that's part of the campaign.
Let whitey know what it's like!
bc, the brownskins are entitled to harrass people.
They've been opressed for hundreds of years.
They can't help it.
oppressed
I think I'd break down and cry if someone hurled racial epithets at me.
Hello.
Money really isn't the answer, ubu.
What are you doing in here?
Aye, you.
This is a highly exclusive channel.
Don't screw up, or I'll ban you.
bc, hello.
Hates enough?
I don't think anyone in here hates you.
Hello, me0w.
I'm OK, I suppose.
Tired.
I want to skip work tomorrow.
I just have to go in for a few hours in the early afternoon.
seventypercent, what do you think of real women?
Right.
Surely you've heard some guy claim that he likes real women.
Usually he seems to mean fat, ugly women.
Real women as opposed to those actresses and models and such.
I don't see what's fake about being attractive.
Sure, plastic surgery is fake, but men who claim to like real women seem generally to be talking about some less than spectacular natural specimens.
Maybe women who aren't superficial just let themselves go.
I would hope that some sort of compromise could be reached, though.
Oh, there are attractive, nonsuperficial women, yes.
elbydoll 
Do you consider yourself a real woman, me0w?
Yes and no?
You're both ugly and superficial?
I think everyone is, sometimes.
Well, someone attracted to you, and I suppose that's what counts.
Being attracted to oneself is probably selfindulgent, anyway.
You think not?
I my admittedly limited experience, I find girls whom I am attracted to for nonphysical reasons more physically than I otherwise might.
Isn't that enough, then?
eh, but what can you do?
I'm not physically attractive, either.
At least I'm not orange, though.
Thank heavens I'm not orange.
Has your fiancee expressed dissatisfaction with your appearance?
I thought you were.
My apologies.
All my girlfriend have eventually broken it off because I was just too ugly.
Well, no, but it makes a nice story.
I've only had one serious girlfriend and the breakup caught me pretty much by surprise.
Pretty much.
I had been out of the state for a few months, so I minterpreted her preceding screwness as being caused merely by that.
misinterpreted screwiness
Grrl power.
Still, what on earth did you do that for?
I should hope not, but there's no telling with you.
Change your shirt, man.
Surely you have a 'dirty' pair of pants and shirt that are less messy than the one's you're actually wearing.
Unless you often spill liquor on yourself.
No, I was just pointing out that you could read the /walls.
All the good conversations happen in /wall
Well, the command is usually /wall or /wallchops or something like that.
It send a message only to the ops in the current channel.
You can only use it if you are an op.
Weird.
At least you can akick.
akick is on the client.
wall is on the client, I thought.
There was a K5 diary earlier about suicide.
I gave a foolproof suggestion, but it was difficult, complicated, and not very elegant.
As a medical professional, what is the best way to kill oneself?
See, and I was mucking around with chains, bridges, and cinderblocks.
No, I wanted clean, easy, and reliable, which is exactly what you provided.
About now you should be refering us to a psychiatric professional if we've ever felt suicidal urges.
Is he suicidal?
The depression probably kept him from thinking clearly.
Really, though, I don't see how the carbon monoxide plan could possibly fail.
Someone found him.
That's absurd.
I've been alone for days on end.
Well, I'm not married.
I guess that makes sense.
If I died right now, I'd only be missed to the point of people asking questions on Monday.
Maybe later.
On what, me0w?
You would not P
I'm worried about luisa 
And if that seems like a lot, what are you going to need the money for, really?
I couldn't kill myself, though.
I'd miss out on so much great #adequacy!
Fantastic!
me0w, don't talk like that.
How could you forget to take a quiz?
Geeze, man, pay more attention.
me0w, the reason you don't kill yourself is because you're lazy?
That's awful.
Come live with me, and I will shower you with love, me0w.
What's it about?
pubemed.
What are the top three?
This is #adequacy.
You're surrounded by friends!
Friends and Vladinator, anyway.
God damn Vladinator.
You would, cockbiter.
Don't kick me on Vladinator's account, you fucking jew.
Yeah, in a jar of formaldehyde.
An uncut man can literally spank it anywhere and anytime.
Easily.
Also, uncut men derive more pleasure from sex and have greater endurance.
What an absurd thing to do, really.
You can kill a man by blowing into his foreskin.
You can kill a man by blowing into his foreskin.
Castrate the devils.
That'll fix 'em!
Women don't masturbate, though.
I refuse to believe that they do.
No matter how many times they prove that they are petty, sluttish, vindictive whores, I will always think the very best of women.
Apostate.
Night.
Is it due today or yesterday?
How long?
I don't think I have anything I could give/sell/trade you.
I wouldn't write a 2500 word paper in just one day.
Have you researched it?
Do you need to?
Or if you don't want to bother with material, run a Van Inwagen offence.
offense
I didn't bother to ask, but have you read any Van Inwagen?
Oh, he's great.
Either x or y.
I don't understand what <someone> means when they say x, so y.
No, pb, you didn't do it right.
Anyway, Van Inwagen really is great, but he does slip into the above pattern enough for anyone familiar with him to immediately know what you're talking about if you mention it.
Right, it is.
I feel guilty as John Livingston wasn't a wanker.
No, you're right, philosophy isn't masturbation.
Masturbation is stimulating one's body for sexual pleasure.
It might be a waste of time, but it's not masturbatio.
It's not clear how philosophy wastes more time than anything else.
How much do you actually know abot philosophy?
I think it's somewhat tasteless to call another's chosen discipline pointless, particularly considering how difficult it is to pin down the point of much anything else.
But the point of those applications?
Looking for points is rather, well, pointless, really.
Just do it.
Mind you, the above shouldn't be considered a condemnation of the search for points.
Thanks to naysayers like you, though, poor me0w won't live long enough to be published.
Under the name me0w, I hope.
Don't dedicate a piece on Buddhism to me.
I am rabidly antiBuddhist.
hehe, ok.
I wish I had the wherewithal to become a published philosopher.
If only to write cute dedications in the front of my books.
me0w, you've inspired me.
I will get into grad school to study philosophy!
The latter, but it requires the former.
Philosophy.
I think I just said that.
Ethics, naturally.
Ethics in general.
Theoretical.
Oh yes.
I'll be the world's formost naive realist.
I'm weird too!
This bodes well.
I should probably have a prescription of some sort.
You're afraid of flying?
That's strange.
Because I'm not afraid of flying, and I can't understand why anyone would be afraid of something I'm not P
I don't have many fears of that sort.
I can be mildly agoraphobic sometimes, but a lot of the times it's not exhibted at all.
That, and spiders are icky P
I don't run away from them, though, I just squish them.
But you're a Buddhist.
ej, it's obvious that you're only asking because you think it improves your chances of getting laid.
Underneath all this cantankerousness, I'm really quite insightful.
Applied ethics, I'd guess.
You just won't quit, will you, ej?
So, me0w, that applied ethics stuff sounds pretty difficult.
I imagine working on it stresses you out.
Your shoulders must be tense.
I can help with that, babe.
So, sweet cheeks, how 'bout you and I go apply our lack of ethics?
I've learned a lot.
But I'm pretty sure her cheecks are at least somewhat sweet, ej!
But you're in the gym often.
Also, name everything you can think of that's gross but not disgusting.
What the hell are you talking about?
Anyway, they say women are attracted to power.
Do you think it would turn me0w on if I banned you, ej?
I can't kick you.
I'd have no one to threaten.
You bastard!
You absolute bastard!
me0w is a frigid, frigid beast.
Or maybe one of those massive, futile opwars.
RobotSlave and I once spent a good ten minutes akicking each other while bc hollered at us to stop   I bet that would've got her going.
Troy is too far away.
What if I sacked Seattle?
I'm not even sure I know what that entails.
Do I just steal all the valuables and burn the place?
That's a heck of a lot of work.
Anyway, I'm sure I'd get shot before I got too far.
My urine is highly acidic.
It might eat through the Space Needle's base to the point that it collapses!
HA HA HA
Sucker Space Needle.
I want someone to buy me lunch at the Space Needle.
Yes, do that, both of you.
Mail me lunch and lunch money.
It was built for a World's Fair.
It points at space!
It is, though.
zikzak
2338 <ej> nor is it a NEEDLE
2338 <zikzak> nor is it a needle
I'll point your skull at your colon, if you don't shape up.
I've never had a Coors.
Tequiza, though, is hip as hell.
I've never tasted shit.
However, it tastes nothing like what I would guess shit tastes like.
Unfortunately, zikzak, it's nigh impossible to avoid smelling some shit.
AHHHHH 4FUCK ME NOOO!
Analytic rocks!
yeehaw!
That's my 'pinion.
Go Analytic!
Oh stop it.
Stop it.
If you try to get into me0w's pants just one more time, so help me God, I will 5ban your sorry ass.
adequacy is a sexual harassmentfree zone.
Do something, bc   Sexual harassment is rampant in the channel, and they aren't listening to me 
ej is macking on me0w like she's the last woman alive.
What movie are you watching?
What's it about?
Bulls in china shops?
I wasn't even alive in the 80s, man.
I was born in 1999.
I like the girl from Labyrinth.
Apparently he did.
I've had nonsexual infatuations with characters from books.
Alyosha from the Brothers Karamazov, for example.
Minx Havisham would be a great porn name.
Yes, bc.
You shan't have her, bc.
I will annihilate us all if I must, but you will not have her.
See, I'm not trying to win.
I'm just trying to make sure you lose.
I'll kill everyone.
Every single last person on this planet will die.
It won't matter when your are burnt and your ashes are dust in the wind.
Are you asking how I could destroy you or cyn?
I can't be sure you're not cyn or bc, zikzak, so you have to go.
I've decided that it's time for bc to fail.
I don't think you've ever failed to sieze and then use up any woman you set your eye to.
That's not true.
She fell for you, just as you planned it!
God damn it, you son of bitch, don't you ever fucking contradict me again!
Oh shut up!
I didn't think that we'd seen cyn.
I don't believe you, but I do believe ej!
I doubt it, ej.
I hate cyn now.
Stop talking about her.
It's making me ill with hate.
My frail frame is wracked with nearunimaginable hatred almost continuously.
Even a tiny bit of additional hatred is potentially quite dangerous to me.
It's complicated, bc.
Well well well.
You're a damn snob, zikzak.
And what has making a fashion statement done for you thus far?
How many babes are hanging off your arm right now?
Let's count them!
Shouldn't take long.
I'll say.
I hate women so much.
God damn it, I just want a womanfree channel.
I feel bad saying it when there are women around, but I really wish they'd all leave and never come back.
If I never see another woman again, it'll be too soon!
Hi, me0w.
I was pasting this silly quote I found!
Forgot the quotation marks, though.
That'll get me in trouble!
I know, I know!
I'd think you were lying.
I was right!
I really do think you're lying.
Oh, OK.
If you show me a picture of a woman, I'll believe that you must be one.
No, me0w, that's absurd.
Laughable, really.
If bc claimed to be a cheese and then showed me a picture of a cheese, I'd believe her.
me0w, why would I bash women folk?
That's a picture of a painting, not a woman.
Why, me0w?
Are you a painting, then, bc?
I'll say.
I have no reason to dislike women or anyone else!
I love all people.
Damn it, \, you need to spend less time boozing about and being fussy on IRC and more time crafting yourself into a worldclass linguist.
bc, that's not you.
It's linoleum.
Nobody jokes in the toilets here in the States.
Aluimuimium, you mean, surely.
Where you get the yu, though?
Alu, then, but Alyu?
See, you're pronouncing letters that aren't there.
Clearly not.
zikzak is right.
I'm going to believe the Alfred Alum story.
Hooray!
Don't be a poor loser, bitch.
There was a famous assassin in the 19th century named Anita Morgan who killed her victims by blowing into their foreskins.
Uh, did you happen to see the topic, ej?
Why don't you run along, read up, and then get back to us, OK?
It wouldn't hardly be in the topic if it weren't true.
This is #adequacy.
Well, you can tell by the way I walk that I'm a woman's man!
I don't even know what that means.
Yes, zikzak, what does that mean?
My testicles feel just fine after decades of no sex.
I'm not sure how long it takes, though.
I can't imagine walking or even living with a massive, oozing gash between my legs.
Well, whatever =
I'm not actually familiar at all with any women.
Yeah, zikzak, babies look so little and cute until you think about trying to pass them.
Then, all of a sudden, they look huge.
I thought you wanted to have your vagina ripped.
I distinctly remember you saying something to that effect.
I'm not sure who you're talking about at this point.
Sucking on breasts, ripping vaginas.
It's not clear.
I'm trying to find me0w's vaginaripping comment in my logs, but trying to find vagina talk in #adequacy logs is like looking for a particular needle in a huge pile of needles.
What's important is that I be right.
Darn, I give up 
No, I give up trying to prove that I'm right to you clowns.
That's just not true.
I need to remember a great deal more than that, and if I forgot that, I'd probably be fine.
I'd like to wowed by your pop culture prowess, zikzak, but I've no idea what you're talking about.
Two more movies I haven't seen.
I feel like I'm missing cultural context that I need simply to hold a meaningful conversation with my peers.
I'd like to see a completely nude woman wearing ankle warmers.
You can kill a man by blowing into his foreskin.
No kidding.
Her claim to virginity is rediculous, spiralx!
It's absolutely something to be proud of.
There are plenty of highly attractive people like me who are proud to be virgins.
There aren't any Icelandic virgins, no.
There are no European virgins.
A bargain hunter, em.
She looks like a whore.
Did you.
I'm not interested, bc.
I'm also always willing to have fun without drinking, drugs, smoking, or having sex, but she just doesn't appeal to me.
You're a real pal, bc.
What are you getting out of this?
haha, that's great.
bc, url?
I'm looking for a girl who isn't like that.
I'm nothing if not a fun Christian guy.
It's a sign, bc.
A Christian who isn't flighty, perhaps?
Except for the farting.
Who wants a girl who farts?
bc_, is it the one on the left or right?
The one on the right is cute, I think.
She looks too dark, yeah.
I don't even like the darkness.
I want a blonde girl who always smiles.
bc, did you read AZA8AZ's writeup?
If not, read it.
See if you go huh!
The guy in the pic.
I don't see a guy in that picture 
There's a London in the American midwest, too.
I don't, ra, and I like it that way.
You're quite right, bc.
There can be nobility in walking life's path alone, but there is nothing but shame in seeking companionship over the Internet.
I think trying to meet women at all is disgraceful, actually.
Single's clubs, personal ads, all of it brings one nothing but shame.
The only time when it is proper to meet a girl is when is engaged in an activity directed at something other than meeting a girl.
It's as simple as that.
when one is
It's even acceptable to meet a girl while one is just enjoying the fresh air in a local park, so long as one's purposes for being in the park would've been satisfied had one met no one at all.
Talking about OLEUEE?
She's not at all appealing.
Anything more than a simple piercing in each ear is too much on a girl.
You must be kidding.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
You're a man, not a circus freak!
I should hope, anyway.
I may have overstated my shock, dmg.
Still, I think you'd be idiotic to pierce your nipple.
What possible reason have you to do it?
Scottish men wear kilts.
Quite different.
Damn it, dmg, is sex all you think about?
Is no selfdegradation too great if it will get you some sex?
Slaves to their own lusts, rather.
I'm sure women won't be enough to satisfy them for long.
They'll be bicurious soon.
I'm not either.
I have no idea what dmg is talking about.
Some fauxscientific babble meant to justify his own graceless behavior, I'm sure.
dmg, refraining from urination or defecation will result in one's body containing more urine or feces than it can hold, respectively.
Now, how is that analogous to sex?
All sorts?
See, you're not answering my question.
You're refering to mental disorders and what not.
Refraining from defecation won't make you unhappy or what not, it will cause your colon to burst, you will hemmorhage, and then you will die.
It's nothing at all like sex.
Refraining from sex is more analogous to refraining from consuming sweets.
Yes, one sometimes has the urge to have some candy, but you can live just fine without it.
In fact, if one has the discipline to deny oneself candy, one will generally feel much healthier and happier in the long run.
They've been indulging their every urge for so long, bc, that they truly can't understand the difference between a shameful desire and a biological necessity.
I'm not going to get sucked into this, dmg.
You want a reductionist, empirical account of shamfullness, and there isn't one.
It's your scientistic worldview that's to blame for your lack of understanding, though, not the concept of shamfullness.
I wasn't trying to prove anything, dmg.
I think I've been quite mild with you all, actually.
If I've been harsh with you, though, it's only because I believe that you can do better.
Yes, dmg, better.
I believe that with enough poking and prodding, you could be inspired to a live a more noble, more honorable life.
I think I life spent lusting from afar is better than one spent lusting from up close.
Also, bring back the Heidi Wall with the heavy Scottish accent.
She couldn't wait for five minutes?
Hello.
Hello, cyndrekit, bc.
So what's up?
That's fantastic!
Let's put you to work.
You could always work on the plan.
Stage two isn't really very welldefined at this point.
I think we're thinking of different plans.
I'm hoping to have the whole plan implemented by spring.
We should really give all these plans different names.
Memos is good.
What does bagsie mean?
No, I think Operation Somethingorother sounds cooler.
Only replace somethingorother with a different word, you know.
Something like that, yeah!
No, that's hackneyed.
Plus, we already have fake names.
Anytime you catch yourself saying <fake name> will be <fake name>, you know you're spending too much time on fake names.
It's still not clear what plan you're talking about, though.
Are you refering to Operation Tiger Hunt, Operation TigerintheSack, or what?
Can we have an Operation Smackdown Robotslave if he doesn't stop being so fussy and critical?
OK, yours will be Operation Dove.
Refresh me, just what is the objective of that operation?
Oh, right.
I didn't know you were interested in that.
In fact, most of your energies appear to go into trying to seduce cyndrekit.
Is that part of Operation Dove?
What Operation is that?
I will help RobotSlave do that.
More eyes and all the bugs are caught!
See, you have a bug already.
MatchMaker>newcatholic,virgin;
At least that would be usual idiom.
Are you planning on new being a filescoped code reference in MatchMaker.
Your syntax will work, if you are, but it's a bizarre thing to do.
I want off this project, bc 
Anyway, you would need to say $MatchMakernew>blah blah;
No, bc, you are not a programmer.
You are a visionary.
Your job is to have the vision.
Generally they don't.
Do you really think the reason there isn't world peace is because some people are without lovers?
Can I be matched with luisa?
Damn it.
I think I'm entitled to a little pork, considering all the debugging I've already done on RobotSlave's code.
Right, just assign luisa to me.
It'd be easy enough.
I don't want a single, pretty girl I'm likely to get on with!
I want to fight and fight and fight and fight.
You're putting an awful lot of trust in this computer.
Look who you have programming it
Yeah, that's what I mean.
It took you weeks to get a dorky little fractal java class working.
It felt like weeks.
In Java.
What will you do about people who don't want a love, but just want to be grumpy and annoying?
I'm not sure these people want to be happy.
A lover brings some temporary happiness, but there is hell to pay later.
A selfassembling jigsaw that's put together by a computer.
MessiahWWKD, there's a 1/3 billion chance that you're going to get Katie!
Tough nuts.
The computer places you with who it will.
Will the computer be able to deal with people like RobotSlave, who could never admit to having human feelings and spend their lives pretending to be cold, logical beings when deep inside, they just want to be held?
bc, this computer sounds fantastic.
It's really a shame I must decline its services.
bc, I cannot allow anyone or anything to meddle with fate on my behalf.
Also, my powers of declining are unlimited.
I will.
Still, you've doomed me.
Since I cannot distinguish real works of fate from the meddlings of your infernal machine, I can never have love.
I must always decline any opportunity, even though some of them may truly be fate.
They're not fated.
They're an extension of your own will!
Damn you.
I thought everyone had autorejoin in this day and age.
If fate works its magic before you get your system up and running, I may just have a chance.
That's stupid.
Fate is the workings of the Fates, not of your stupid computer.
ubu and I are secret allies.
Together, we plan to overthrow bc and split all of his IRC women between us.
We're both terribly selfish, MessiahWWKD.
I predict that our alliance will end in a long, bloody battle for control of cyndrekit, actually 
I'm sure he will try, MessiahWWKD.
I didn't mean it like that, bc.
Say you have four eggs.
To split the eggs between two people, you give two eggs to each person.
You don't cut each egg in half.
cyndrekit is very female.
Geeze, MessiahWWKD, you don't pay much attention, do you?
Moreso every day, I sometimes think, shoeboy 
Hello, cyndrekit.
Not much, just chattin' away.
Notice that MessiahWWKD and shoeboy gave the same answer, while bc gave a typically bizarre, incorrect response.
cyn is not a man!
cyn, please settle this.
You know, he likes that 
1207 <bc> Oh man, that was good.
from /msg
I'm not confused, cyndrekit.
You're a woman, and what a woman!
And bc is a sissy.
That much is manifest.
There was a reason we called you fluffer for months and months, bc, and it wasn't because you're soft and downy.
Although you are soft and downy.
I'm out.
Catch ya later, cuties =
Anyone awake?
Your momma jokes will not be tolerated.
The heck was that?
bc, bc.
What are we to do with you?
ra, come back.
You should go shopping!
Why not?
No, you're thinking of mic.
I need to do something about lunch too.
Suggestions?
A steak bomb sounds dangerous.
Where can one find a steak bomb?
That is way the heck east.
Right here, vlad.
I'll let him in later when bc's not here if you do something for me, vlad.
msg me.
Compartment, surely, you filthy homosexual.
Want to buy me pizza yet, RobotSlave?
What's his hostmask?
I'm not really very demanding, RobotSlave.
Most any pizza would be good.
I don't even know what a termcap is.
I doubt I'm in the phone book, not having a phone.
That's true, I do have a phone.
It is not.
Hitler had a phone.
Think about that.
I checked, and I don't appear to be in the phone book.
All I have is a cell phone.
Having yet another phone would be superfluous.
Right, that's what I said.
I do know, so focus on what's important, buying me pizza.
Likely story, you filthy homosexual.
Oh, vinaigre.
What's that?
Speak English, bitch.
Haha, you showed him, RobotSlave.
The best sandwiches come from Ireland.
I'd give anything for another try.
What should you do?
Stop pasting nethack crap into the channel.
That would work.
but do you know what would really irk me?
Pizza.
I had many pizzas earlier.
I at many large pizzas earlier.
I wish I had a goddess here now.
Online bill paying is so convenient.
You seem like a total waste of resources!
Quit bringing everyone down, RobotSlave.
The humanities have no place at a modern University.
You're also getting more crotchety, zikzak.
Well, I should hope someone will have put you out of your misery long before you reach 80.
Will you be only grumpy or lecherous too?
Yeah, but you can pinch pretty girls' bums with impunity.
If you get in trouble, just act confused.
rush ayn rand
Is that a football play?
Rush Ayn Rand!
I wish I were the six million dollar man.
You are getting old!
You'd best redouble your efforts to impregnate a girl, while you are still able to.
Hello, cyn.
I want someone to give me a Segway.
If ubu had a Segway, he could speed about Texas.
Lucky?
Texas is hot, dry, and full of hicks.
Everywhere as beautiful women.
The nice thing about #adequacy is never having to say you're sorry.
If apology accounting works anything like fiscal accounting, you may not owe me any, actually, but I'm not going to tell you that.
That phrase has been coming up a lot lately.
I wish I had a Two Towers poster.
The walls of my apartment are entirely without adornment.
I may have to do that next weekend.
I will paint the Bible on my walls.
I have a fair amount of wall.
It'll work.
Actually, I like how undecorated my apartment is.
It makes it look kind of impersonal and creepy.
My bedroom is kind of messy, so it's ok.
The other room, though, looks like someone was trying to make it look like the place was inhabited but did a bad job.
He has Gettysburg in your living room?
I wouldn't pay $.
05 for a sketch.
I hate art.
It figures that you'd be looking at such a site, elby.
He can look funny.
Good night, loves.
Well, where were you before?
Serves you right.
I have to be up early tomorrow.
You get to sleep in \
Anyone around?
Great.
Are you playing a special Adequate version of nethack?
OK, I'm going to try playing again.
bc, what's that link you're always throwing around?
It has to do with nethack.
I've never clicked it.
Maybe it's the instructions?
I dunno.
I don't know?
Is that the one you whip out whenever someone mentions that they're going to take up nethack?
Well, I died already.
That sucked!
Wasn't my fault.
I tried to read a spellbook of cure blindness or something, but was teleported into the middle of a bunch of jackals instead.
Kinda of retarded, really.
Wash your hands, I should hope.
Anger.
Can monsters attack across a diagonal, bc?
woo, I made it to a thousand moves.
I've never done nearly this well
Is food poisoning that bad?
How do I buy stuff at a shop?
ah, ok.
Is it possible to sell stuff?
My damn kitten ate everything in the shop.
Fortunately I didn't have to pay for it.
What are the statues for?
How are they smashed?
I tried kicking it.
Why not a mace?
I tried applying and it said I had nothing to apply.
Wow, I died.
That was fast.
I'm stuck.
It's fun because it's impossible to win through skill!
It's like playing the lottery, only it costs more and the payoff is smaller.
I starved to death.
The game wasn't giving me anything except grid bugs and kobold zombies.
I didn't think to pray.
I was a priest, but didn't think to pray.
Yes, shoe.
I like being a priest because I had heal and could see what was blessed and cursed.
I'll have to remember that floating eyes paralyze 
No kidding.
Why not, RobotSlave?
Debugginb VB, shoeboy?
In all my programming, I've only used VB's goto for exception handling which is how it's meant to work, and Perl's goto, which isn't really a goto at all.
There's always another way to do it.
It sometimes takes some code restructuring, but the end result is much easier to understand.
I never used basic.
I always find stories like this encouraging.
You can't use the same recordset over different connections!
logging out and then in again fixed my nethack, you'll be glad to know.
Do you mention that you're shoeboy on your resume?
Hello, folks.
Well, luisa, you'd best get going, hadn't you?
Change your name to Zeke.
lo, uber.
ubu, why don't you race up to Houston and see the film with luisa?
You need to be there in two.
Save him a seat, luisa.
I think he can do it!
Yes, well, time and distance have never been able to stop.
well, to stop whatever it is that would drive ubu to dash up there for a silly movie.
Yeah, whatever.
No, I just play a bastard on IRC.
I'm mackin' I'm mackin' I'm mackin' I'm mackin'!
I'm mackin' I'm mackin' I'm mackin' I'm mackin'!
Can't sleep after beer and food?
It's only 9pm.
Quit whining, at least.
elby, buy me some friggin' pizza.
Gah, pussy.
Thousandth one in gets a prize!
Hello, folks.
What the hell are you talking about?
No, I'm painfully sober.
Oh, I gave giving it up up.
It just wasn't working out
Aye, and when she demanded to know why I had broken it off, I couldn't really give her a good answer.
That I love her, I will always love her, but that I think she's bad for me?
I probably will too in a bit.
That's the great thing about her; there's no need for jealousy because she really does have more than enough time and attention for everyone.
Get a less socialist ISP already!
I think he's talking about cow's souls, luisa.
I made that up =
But you've so much to live for, luisa.
I think people should keep their online and offline lives completely seperate.
Meeting up with online buddies is just stupid.
That's also a stupid thing to do.
Hell, a penpal is a stupid thing to have.
I always read about such meetings going horribly wrong.
How pathetic does someone have to be to look for facetoface companionship over the Internet?
Well, whatever.
People do a lot of things I disapprove of.
Are you defending it abstractly, or are you interested in meeting some of your Internet friends?
Facetoface communication isn't about bullshit?
Well, elby, you had your chance already.
I didn't actually meet momocrome.
It was a hoax 
Then I came along!
Yes, I did.
I came right along.
Gee, you wouldn't mind?
That's awfully big of you.
Fuck off, luisa.
It's morally bad to have any sort of girlfriend at all, bc.
Am I rude?
I'm quite nice to elby.
I'm really disappointed in bc.
To learn that he has not one but two girlfriends.
I thought you valued chastity likewise.
Now I learn the truth 
You have so!
luisa, no, you're not.
Now stop.
bc, that's a pretty chaste notion.
You're confusing chastity with celibacy.
I think I mostly agree, bc.
Since I am incapable of love, sex is not right for me.
No, I only say that when I am wishing that everyone were as empty and hateful as I.
elby, /msg luisa| for a good time.
But not inaccurate.
If you're looking for the sort of entertainment elby is >
Horrible, sentimental.
hippies and scoundrels.
blabber.
Sounds like a fit for luisa|!
Pizza is good.
I've already eaten, elby, but if I hadn't, I would sure like some pizza!
I thought you needed advice, elby.
I think I'll have an afterdinner drink.
I could do that, but you need to learn to make decisions.
I think cyn's afraid of you, elby 
cyndrekit, hello.
Oh geeze.
He's giddily lovesick, I'd guess.
Yes, elby, you are.
For who.
No, not for anyone new.
You draw the dots, bc, and then you fault me when I draw the lines.
Unfair, in my mind.
No, it doesn't.
See, pizza, elby.
That was my suggestion, too, cyndrekit.
Now, cyndrekit, sometimes when a man was sorely mistreated as a boy, he'll grow up a little.
When this happens, he never learns to guide his affections correctly, and it's not unusual for such people to fall madly in love with casual acquaintances about which they actually know very little.
Are you following?
Then maybe it's genetic, bc, who can say.
No, cyndrekit, he hasn't.
He's only fallen for one, and the rest have stood in for her.
No, not me!
This play isn't so much a tragedy as a train wreck.
Them's fightin' words.
If you're going to speak Germanized English, you may as well do it right.
It gives me watereyes and headache to look at her rubbishwordstrings.
The first test didn't convince you that it worked, cyndrekit?
elby, could you get me a livejournal?
I can't seem to manage it 
There's so much I would share with the world, if only I had a venue!
Thanks, elby, but I really have no use for a journal 
I tend not to talk honestly about myself.
An intriguing idea, bc, but I'm very inconsistent otherwise.
It's clear that I must be lying a lot.
What do you mean?
Have I said anything disturbing in here?
It must be that cowardice you mentioned earlier.
Right, you're a coward.
How do you ever expect to win the affections of your beloved if you don't show a little backbone, bc?
Having EXPERIENCED vlad, I have to say I wish I didn't know him!
The quotes made it salacious, cyndrekit.
bc, it's useful to draw analogies between various temperments and their animal counterparts.
You would be, perhaps, and antelope.
haha, then why the concern?
By the way, vlad, I'm #10!
Christians don't have fun; that's absurd.
We like it that way, though.
luisa|, on the other hand, bc, is intrigued and somewhat drawn to the subtexts of brutality and cruelty in my speech.
Stop it, you two!
elby, don't ever admit to having any sort of clout.
It's not worth it.
I've noticed, elby, which is why I have no pizza 
I coded just today.
I think I've gone to livejournal once.
I have no idea what you're talking about, and I feel like I'm missing out.
luisa, rather than keep a public diary, you should just write down your thoughts for the day and mail them to me.
I'll write a cutting response and mail it to bc.
bc will write a condemnation of my cruelty and mail it to elby.
elby will write a complaint about not being entertained and mail it to you.
What's wrong?
Your house is too old.
It's bitterly cold outside, but I'm comfortable.
I wish I had a girlfriend to invite over.
I'd pretend not to be here once she arrived, though.
And quietly laugh from behind the door!
It's not cold outside my door, so if she were shivering, it would be heroin withdrawal, or something horrid like that.
scuse?
cyndrekit seems to have experience trying to look undesirable.
As long as you keep excreting slut pheromones I forget the scientific name for 'em, dress won't matter, luisa.
I said something a little more subtle than that, luisa.
Mack on, brotha'.
That would do it, RobotSlave.
You're a freak, though.
Sure, you looked like a hood rat.
A sexy hood rat.
That's what I said.
Wear a sweatshirt that says GNU's Not Unix!
RobotSlave, keep in mind that GNU really isn't Unix.
Quite a kick, eh?
It's funny 'cos it's true.
Or wear a sweatshirt with a picture of yourself on it.
That's a good one, elby!
GNU's not Unix, love.
Just keep that in mind.
Why's that, First_Incision?
Tell us about what you bought!
Oh, OK.
MessiahWWKD, word has it you're a minority!
haha, one of the good ones.
ana isn't genderless, though, he has a big bushy beard.
That says man to me.
Your first comma should've been a semicolon.
Just so you know.
I'm worth far more than my salt, yet I have no more interest in women than I do in dentistry.
No, RobotSlave, I'm not a homosexual.
I'm an asexual.
I am the future.
If I was a homosexual, surely I would be attracted to men, RobotSlave?
I wouldn't be surprised if luisa's coworkers have never actually paid her the slightest notice but that she imagines all sorts of things to sooth her bruised ego.
I somehow doubt it, luisa.
night, cyn.
Really?
Most people love feeling awkward.
I don't project so much as I have various people stand in for other people.
So, while I may actually be talking to, say, elby, my words are meant for someone else entirely.
What's that called?
No, I'm not writing a letter.
I rage at poor luisa because I dare not take out my wrath on those I wish to.
luisa is the sacrificial lamb.
Who are those people?
The real anne marie.
First_Incision, doesn't radiation cause cancer?
I feel I will die of acute radiation poisoning.
I know, First_Incision, but I have a feeling.
luisa, you could fit inside anna nicole three times over.
Think about that.
I like scaring you, though.
It's a real bind.
You can't do anything to me.
Not a nice thought.
I'm going to counter with bone spikes or worse if you don't settle down.
The spurs themselves aren't the worst, luisa, it's the constant oozing of milky, fetid pus from the neverhealing sores.
Try to keep up, RobotSlave.
I can't remember the last time I had a frozen dessert.
Oh, wait, it was yesterday at lunch.
Never mind!
Stop arguing about sorbet, damn it.
Or a hamburger.
Nothing's more subtle than a hamburger.
I want a fast food hamburger right now.
I'd love a pizza, too!
You can come up and share mine.
You've gone and hurt his feelings!
I sometimes like dark meat.
Don't get the wrong idea, though \
The food can't be very good, then.
What's evil is that he didn't resize the image to something reasonable.
What do you want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
What do you want?
I love how those all have subtly different senses.
Does your client not show bold?
If not, that's unfortunate.
I bolded a different word each time.
Do what?
No, I'm here.
No, he doesn't.
Then why don't you entertain him?
I think you could provide sorts of entertainment that he would appreciate much more than anything I could give him.
I'm here to inject some muchneeded hatred into the channel.
Hatred courses through my veins!
I will, luisa.
Not quite, but it can't be long.
My body and soul are poisoned.
Stupid girl.
You've the luxury of being foolish, though, because this is only the Internet.
That's not at all what I said, ej.
That's not what you said, luisa, and that's not stupid.
ej, I wasn't really talking to you, was I?
OK, good.
I'm hardly paranoid.
I don't know anyone more levelheaded.
Are you tormented by guilt?
Anxious with desire?
That's absurd.
You create your dreams.
If you're afraid of them, you've conflict with yourself.
Like what?
Still, it's all in your head.
I have very mundane dreams sometimes, too.
I enjoy them.
You're a precognitive dreamer?
I'm skeptical.
Not surprising.
Everyone does!
ej, I'll ban you.
Sleeping in that house?
In a boy's bed, no doubt.
That's just dejavu.
You imagined you'd dreamed something you hadn't.
Maybe you're just hallucinating.
What you're talking about is impossible.
Clearly not.
Simply given that it's impossible, we can be assured that it did not happen.
Do mention them.
About who?
Come on, you can make something up.
So what!
I'm not rude.
I'm to the point.
Have you ever had such a dream about me?
OK, have one tonight.
She's mistaken, elby, or lying.
Don't bother, luisa.
He's orange.
He really is orange.
Quick, luisa, what color are my socks!
You're supposed to tell me, O seer.
OK, we'll do a test.
Just take a moment to relax, ok?
Now then, let's get started.
What's the next insult I'll cast your way?
Real prescience is quicker, you goddamn bitchslutwhorecunt.
I think it's an impressionable, bored girl's flight of fancy.
You read altogether too much sciencefiction and fantasy.
You're going to have to produce more than vague handwaving to dispell my skepticism.
If your eye is missing, it's little wonder you can't find the picture.
That doesn't explain why I don't hate anyone else, elby.
I've no interest in hurting people like that.
elby, if a then b implies if ~b then ~a implies a or ~b implies not ~a and b
I don't want to hurt at all!
Don't be silly.
This isn't about you.
I already explained this, you a sacrificial lamb.
You are slaughtered again and again for the sins of others.
I needed an extra verb up there.
bourgeois, surely.
Or bogus.
Damn frogs.
See, luisa, is that affected patronizing that's so annoying.
Stop that.
It's rude of you not to.
You should make it five.
I'm well worth listening to.
I so am.
ej, she was being rude.
Right, like I said.
I am too, elby, so you're in good company.
I have to use a glassfree monitor, in fact.
And plastic cups.
Get lost, then.
I'm not that bad?
Hello, folks.
I drink a bottle of cough syrup every day.
Do you need someone to bring you soup?
Which lifestyle?
How could you get that confused?
Oh, right.
He would scoff at all that 
No surprise there.
dmg is disillusioned by his experiences from when he thought he was living The Lifestyle and ra is, well, everyone knows what ra is.
Sleep is for the weak, weakling.
Doesn't he liv in London or something, bc?
Well, London is Babylon, more or less.
Maybe there isn't anyone living The Lifestyle there.
bc, you'll know this.
I need the poet and the name of the poem.
The line goes something like Hell is a city like London.
I think it might've been Shelly.
Or however it's spelled.
Anyone know?
I want to find it.
Hell is a city much like London 
A populous and a smoky city;
There are all sorts of people undone,
And there is little or no fun done;
Small justice shown, and still less pity.
It was Shelley, yes.
Is it a diary that has already been written or one you hope to write?
It's ok.
shirk receiving would've ben preferable, though.
You have so much to live for.
ubu, I can't stand shrink used as a transitive verb.
Well, ubu, you can expect a hell of a lot of sex, that's for damn sure.
I don't think you're cut out for celibacy.
It's not for everyone.
I think you should marry a nice girl.
I think you shouldn't bother marrying her if you don't.
Can you no longer love, or could you never?
ubu, here's what you do.
Think back to what you appreciated in a girl before you were reduced to your current state.
Find a girl like that, and just spend time with her.
Don't try to get into her pants, or rush things along, just be with her.
Maybe you'll get better.
I think you need a sweet, personable girl.
Pretty, but not gorgeous, adorable, and a little helpless at times.
You'd think that having one's world turned upside down twice would result in it being right side up, but it doesn't.
No, it just gets more upside down.
You can't mix the jam out of the porridge.
No, of course it won't.
However, if nothing will, there are worse ways to spend your time.
ubu, you'll get old and die.
Whatever you do now, you'll get old and die.
You'll be nothing.
In the end, we'll all be nothing.
This matters, yes, to the extent it's all we have, but if you fuck it up, whatever.
There are no longterm consequences to anything, not really.
No, First_Incision, it ends the same for everyone.
Why not?
Most people realize that sooner.
I'm thinking back on what you've told me about your life and trying to figure out which part would impress anyone, ubu.
I actually have an amicable relationship with my father.
We both realize that our personalities exclude the possibility of any sort of close friendship, but we get along alright.
It's difficult, having parents is.
Well, sure, if you never see them it must be easy!
Oh ok.
I was going to ask.
Since, you know.
My condolences, as always.
This is getting on great?
bc's mother was killed by Cossaks, ubu, because he was too weak and cowardly to save her.
How's the time machine coming, bc?
Not at all?
I thought as much.
You grew into cowardice, then?
I had an exceptionally social day today.
I just talked and talked to everyon!
everyone
Didn't get much done, though, but that sort of day happens.
I'm normally just sociable, not very sociable.
Normally when I'm at work, though, I, well, work.
That's a thought!
Are you hoping I could function as a data point?
That sort of cutting remark just isn't called for.
What's save scum?
I'll definitely start savescumming.
Any decent game would allow you to reload when you died.
bc, I want to get past the first four levels 
The first three levels aren't so bad, but require some luck.
When I get to level four, though, I am surrounded by really tough monsters that kill me.
I haven't seen that.
bc, I played a game where there wasn't a scrap of food anywhere and no shops.
The only monsters were grid bugs and crap which don't leave corpses.
I didn't think to eat my pet, though.
What's aggravate monster?
A shop keeper once killed me for kicking his door down.
That was pretty funny.
I don't know how to knock.
Anyway, every other damn door is locked or stuck, so I get tired of pressing 'o'
I want to read the spoilers!
Link me up.
I talked to a Wheaton graduate just today.
Indeed.
Not caring, I didn't ask.
bc, that story gets wilder every time you tell it to me!
Children, ubu, how many is too many and how to morally avoid having them.
He is, but I'm not.
A cursory inspection would indicate so.
It would be ridiculous to inspect someone, yes.
There was no macking.
It was just a conversation to pass the time.
Anyway, she's married.
I can't recall.
We'd spoken before, but I'm not good with names.
I did not.
She was a recent graduate.
Early twenties.
I could've easily made up a name, after all.
ubu, stop being paranoid.
I've no reason to make up such a boring event.
I don't think he meant you, cyndrekit.
Not quite what I meant.
Thank you, and happy holidays to you too.
Heavens, I hope you're not too cold.
Hello.
Not so good 
My mace is corroded.
No, no.
My mace has been corroded, by acid.
And I was killed by a huge army of rats 
It's great!
Nethack.
Yeah, well, you're a cocksucking tool.
Oh, you come here for the women, then?
Come on.
You can't really want luisa, perdida, or me0w.
She's not here!
Unless I'm Jin, and that would explain a lot.
I'm not sure that's right.
You should invite her 'round.
Hop on IM and tell her that she's wanted here.
You pussy.
What's your icq number and password?
Convenient.
You're too cowardly to let someone else do your dirty work, even.
I wouldn't.
I'm good at this sort of thing.
I thought you just wanted her flesh.
You want her loving, too?
Geeze, some people are demanding.
So you don't actually want her loving.
And rightfully so!
Well, what's loving, really?
So you don't really know what love is.
You just know you're not interested.
I wonder.
Your idea of love is wanting to talk to someone?
In your fantasies, your life revolves around Willow?
In your fantasies, is Willow a real person, or still a tv character?
I haven't really watched to show, so you'll forgive my ignorance, but do you help her fight vampires or what not?
What a bizarre thing to fantasize about.
You're depressing 
I'm not sure.
Something about your sheer freakish unhealthiness.
Similar to how lepers are depressing.
You're a storm of emotions, most of them seemingly directed at people who don't exist, such as Willow and Jin and what not.
What attraction?
You can't find a rack as nice as Jin's?
What women do?
Jin and Willow?
No, focus.
I mean real women from real life!
Why not?
You're going about it all wrong.
Use the time in class when she has to see you to make her want to see you.
Then she will continue to do so after class has ended.
It's a balancing act, for sure.
I think you should spend time talking to her instead of daydreaming, doodling, that sort of thing.
No, not if you have the chance.
Geeze, make the chance.
You're pathetic!
You need a more proactive attitude.
Make it happen, don't just wait for it!
Why not?
Maybe.
I hardly think you're in danger of being too aggressive, though.
Really.
You're a pussy at the moment!
Most women are actually quite tolerate of aggressive behavior.
Appreciative of some aggressiveness.
What sort of guys always have girls?
Is it spineless sorts such as yourself?
No, not in movies.
Movies are made up.
Yeah, whatever.
I think you have trouble connecting with reality.
No, you just have to be confident and assertive.
I wonder.
We'll see!
You have Christmas break to build confidence.
Another movie?
Sheesh.
I see.
Of course, I'm single, so what do I know?
I'm not pathetically single like you, though.
You crave women, all sorts of women, but they mostly want nothing to do with you.
Well, still, they don't want anything to do with you.
Perhaps it's not that they want nothing to do with you.
Maybe.
Women depress me.
Well, I should qualify that.
They're enjoyable enough, but the thought of taking one, and the inevitability of it, depresses me.
What a stupid reason to live 
Oneself, maybe.
Even living for a particular women would be acceptable, but for women in general, and the off chance that you might acquire one?
A hunt in which you sit back and hope the prey will stumble over you and get stuck.
Anyway, you could do any number of things for yourself.
It would depend on what you wanted.
An easy life serving some rich woman who gives you a large allowance >
I didn't know we knew what elby looks like.
Regarding?
You'd get sore, probably.
Yeah, from talking.
I ghosted luisa a few times, back in the day.
Good times.
I wish I could ghost you right now \
I've told you, but like you said, you don't bother to listen.
And sexy blonde women.
There are negroes, but they're all homeless.
In WA, that is.
Downtown Seattle is crawling with negroids.
No, it's the South.
It was even part of the confederacy.
Damn nerds.
Actual American nerds.
Do you have any plans to suffer at the hands of relations over Christmas, wtf?
I'm going to fly down to my parent's for Christmas.
It'll be good.
Ah, that sucks.
I have a week off.
Jewish folk watch movies on Christmas?
Keep 'em comin'!
No, that was a winner.
I should probably see that at some point.
Throw my $7 into the pot!
I prefer not to sit near poor people when watching a film.
I prefer seeing a movie in a packed theater, actually.
No, pretty much every movie.
I love that.
I didn't actually read what sort of film you were talking about.
Assumed it didn't matter!
I saw .
large audience .
strange.
I didn't even know there was such a thing.
Sounds disgusting.
I can do without visceral.
The fucking was sad and haunting?
Then in what sense was it a porn?
In what sense are they actors when acting in that capacity?
I think I'm done hearing about this piece of filth, luisa.
wtf, I thought you were done with porn.
Someone else's brain is also tossed and gone.
ding ding ding!
It's funny 'cos it's true, Sexcopter.
I don't jerk off at all.
Where are you going?
Whose?
She's actually attractive.
Well, would be, sans the crap.
I saw the caption.
Maybe she'll act in your art.
When are you going to become employed?
Will you settle for nothing less than six figures and a new car, Sexcopter?
No wonder, Sexcopter.
The boom is over!
Over.
I'm tired of you, but not very sleepy.
I just invented a great game.
Open a few channel windows in mIRC, then hold down ctrltab to quickly cycle between them, then press Print Screen and see who wins!
Woo NickServ!
You only wish you could've come up with that, luisa.
Yes, it's OK, Sexcopter, but the game won't be as good.
luisa, luisa, have I ever told you how much I appreciate you?
I do, too.
When you left us for weeks, I was distraught.
Hello, cyndrekit.
I think it's my bed time.
porndog, that's so not like you.
porndog, is there a reason why you always get so aggressive and combative when cyn is in the channel?
Oh, that explains it.
Just a tip, porndog, but bc wants your girl.
Well, cyndrekit, you best get ready to be filled up with little babies!
Sorry, buddy, but it looks like she isn't going to let you impregnate her over teh Intarnet.
Enough, porndog, you've been cockblocked.
Live with it!
What nick would be suitable, cyndrekit?
Right, right, what would be a suitable nickname?
She doesn't want sick babies.
Anyway, it takes a sick fellow to /nick porndog!
Hello, folks.
No, the correct answer has to do with America's pelvis.
In your face, RobotSlave.
Right in your face.
bc, the entry message for the channel is really mean 
Was it!
I can't imagine I'd ever say anything so mean as that.
I think it's time to balance my checkbook!
Waahooo!
It won't balance itself, luisa.
Kitty used to tell you?
I've never seen an alter.
I have!
First_Incision has an alter.
I'm not playing, First_Incision, but I'm going to start in a minute!
It's great.
No load times, you just jump in and play until you die.
Also, it doesn't prevent you from doing other things at the same time.
I only ever play a human priest named Pikie.
As a priest, I can cast heal over and over, drawing my death way out.
Priests can identify cursed vs.
uncursed, too, and get a mace!
I didn't know they had low hp, 'cos I've never played anyone else.
High level casters are always really cool, though.
It's a shame I die so soon 
Well, I'm satisfied with my checkbook.
Have you decided to let me handle your finances yet, luisa?
I'd figure something out.
I don't know enough about the situation.
I might be able to convince someone to lose the records of some of your debts, though.
What does it mean when the game says that there's a 'full moon tonight' when you start?
Does it always say that, and I just hadn't noticed?
What a bitch!
Last night, I was killed by a wererat.
He just kept summoning more and more rabid rats 
god damn kitten is eating everything
I'm stuck in a bear trap.
I was killed by a water demon 
How do you identify stuff?
The only way I know of is dying 
bc did that and got killled.
Yeah, but the pet never lasts long.
RobotSlave, they just seem to disappear after a while, though.
ah, ok.
Wee, food poisoning!
Is that all that will work, RobotSlave?
I hate praying.
elby, just wander around the store.
Or there's that.
How often can one pray without pissing one's god off?
Hackers, likely.
You let a dishwasher steal your shield?
You're eating babies!
I wish real life were more like nethack.
We might as well tell him, bc.
ubu, bc and I are now making sure that you and cyn never get anywhere near each other.
So you might as well just give up.
It's for her own good, and yours.
I think you just want to use her up and throw her away, frankly.
ubu married his sister?
Yes, she has.
She's a filthy woman, not nearly good enough for you, and you might as well just forget about her.
Move on, ubu!
It's over.
Right on!
Since you live so close, are you going to bother to, well, actually spend time with luisa?
Well, are you working this weekend?
Then I guess driving up to houston is out of the question.
That's a real shame, ubu.
You need a job that gives you days off.
msg qpt Want to cyber?
I want to live on a planet that has grid bugs.
Don't swear at me.
Is there a way to change one's name?
I'm a female Wizard named 'Carl'
Oh well, I'll die soon.
I can never find the shops.
I'm hallucinating
How long does it last?
ooh, It's a lich Angel.
I'd be damn dead if it weren't a hallucination.
A nymph stole my cloak and staff 
This isn't going well.
Damn it!
Another nymph, and there goes my jacket.
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY NYMPHS
See, luisa, ubu wants to make it with you.
That makes sense, RobotSlave.
HAHAHA GOTCHA YOU STUPID WHORE
Is there a downside to eating a water nymph?
I will.
Nothing appeared to happen.
I starved.
I tried praying once I was to the fainting stage, but it angered my god.
What's an intrinsic?
Like what?
What can monks do?
Where do you view this stuff?
Also, doesn't everyone move one square per turn?
What is warning?
Monks don't need weapons.
What level do alters start showing up?
I've never, ever seen an alter.
I hope today isn't another fake Friday like yesterday was.
I tire of dying!
Contents of the bag of holding
an uncursed worthless piece of black glass
What's a bag of holding?
Hmm, that sounds convenient.
If I put luisa inside of a blessed bag of holding, she would weigh seven ounces.
Speak of the devil!
Why would you fly to Dallas?
It's so close.
Why do you want to go to Dallas?
You should make them visit you.
How do I feed my pet?
Throw?
I have a dog, but all I have are fruit and cookies.
Would he like tripe?
There's some for sale.
He ate all the tripe before I could buy him any.
Fucking dog!
Will he react as though you gave it to him?
Ah, that's good.
How do I close a door?
Makes sense.
Is it OK if I eat other humanoids?
Oh, is it ok to kill domestic animals but not eat them?
Kittens and ponies keep attacking me.
I fed a dead kitten to my dog.
I was eating a bear and it warned me that it was getting difficult to continue, so I stopped.
OK, that was idiot.
idiotic
A trapdoor opened in the ceiling, a rock fell on my head, and I died.
stupid.
I still have never seen an alter
Fortunately, ubu's excellent savescum technique will come in handy.
I even had a hard hat in inventory 
Why would I feed you a horse, luisa?
You see here a pancake.
Sounds like a Southerner.
You shouldn't let your cornmeal get wet.
That was careless.
When am I going to see a frickin' alter?
I like monky.
What's a credit card for?
You are the spoilers.
No matter how much I cheat I cannot get past this level!
Weird.
I felt guilting for eating a golden naga hatchling
I'm blind 
Can blindness be fixed?
oh, thank goodness, it went away.
What's minetown?
I'm what seems like a Gnomish area, but I see nothing but baddies.
Tons and tons of gnomes.
It's great, though.
My monk wades through smashing them to pieces!
I have yet to use a weapon, and I'm smashing everything to death.
neutral female gnomish golddigger.
nethack's got your number, girl!
bc, I'm so lost.
Well, I'm still in the gnomish areas, and I just got disoriented by all the trapdoors and strairways going everywhich way
7, now.
I think this is gnometown
The priest just killed me for no reason.
What a jerk!
Well, I wandered in, got attacked by a pair of wizards which I beat off, then he zapped me.
I was unhappy with it too.
They started it!
I reloaded my scum save, but everything that I had done after I saved was still in place.
The priest wasn't mad anymore, but the dead wizards were still there, as was my ghost, 'til I killed it again.
How do I put stuff in a bag?
Well, the priest killed me again P
I think I'll call that a night.
I attacked him this time 
I needed something to offer.
What sort of things to gods like having sacrificed?
I tried sacrificing the dead gnomish wizards, but nothing happened.
I'm not really sure how old they were.
Probably more than that, though.
And sacrificing someone of your own race is a nono?
I don't see @ signs.
Well, that was exciting!
I sacrificed a fresh gnome, and the priest got angry, so I prayed, my helmet glowed, and then I got killed.
It was pretty wild.
That priest is impossibly difficult, though 
I don't think anything would matter at this level, bc.
He hit me with a mace for at least 45 points.
I don't see how.
Maybe someone else's character could.
I found a similarly aligned priest and was able to sacrifice in peace.
This shopkeeper won't move.
Oh, he thought I owed him for a giant mimic's corpse
I did pay him.
No, he moved after I paid him.
NO MORE NETHACK TODAY
What's wrong, luisadoll?
Down from the ceiling?
It'll probably run out.
Didya die yet?
If you get food poisoning, #pray.
That will almost always do it.
You can only pray every 1500 turns or so, though, or your god will get mad and kill you.
Right.
A turn is an action.
Searching takes a turn, casting takes a turn, and so forth.
Some things, like eating something big or putting on armor take more than one turn.
I like the graphical version.
They're sometimes blessed, though.
And when you drink from a blessed one, it can give you an extra stat point.
haha, that's what usually causes me to give it up.
What class are you playing?
I got the furthest as a monk.
Once you get a little better, you can start savescumming!
Unlikely!
I don't think you really want to devote that much time to it, yeah.
You've friends in Dallas to go see.
Oh come on, it's pretty obvious.
Who lives in Dallas?
I'm sure I know someone who lives in Dallas.
Who could it be?
ubu lives in Dallas, as you well know.
ubu spends his IRC time macking on you.
Is that right?
I haven't noticed anyone but him doing it.
See, nothing like mine.
bc isn't evil.
bc and I are kindred spirits.
bah, we just like a bit o' fun now and then.
I'm not sure I like being spoken down to quite that much.
Than maternal?
I've heard otherwise.
Creepin' over, now his hand is on your shoulder.
Never mind.
I'll remember you, I'll remember you this way!
lo, elbs.
Still ill?
Poor fellow.
Has that attractive woman been back over?
Did you kill a grid bug, luisa?
Fantastic!
I've not read it at all.
Am I missing out?
It can't have been that good, then.
I don't know if I've ever seen swell in a review.
I appreciate a critic who doesn't feel the need to criticize.
You mustn't eat me 
I'm bitter and would catch in your throat.
I always play as a human female named luisa.
You'll see messages about cash registers and cursing shopkeepers if you're on a level with a shop.
They can often be hard to find, though.
luisa, I like to play priest, healer, or monk, and I always play lawful.
hehe, what class are you?
Your pet won't step on a cursed item.
That's one way to check, if you really want to use something but are afraid it's cursed.
It never wears off.
You can cast Remove Curse on yourself, though, and that'll do the trick.
If you can find a Remove Curse scroll.
Also, a priest might be able to help you, and you could always try praying.
I have trouble telling what my god will help me with and what he won't.
He'll help you with a priest of opposing alignment, if you haven't asked for help too soon before.
I bet that pissed him off.
Your connection keeps breaking, girl.
Calls you girl?
Well, it just strikes me as appropriate for some reason.
I don't make a habit of calling females girl.
Thus far, you've failed to respect my wishes not to be called whore, I might point out.
I'm not your pet!
Cut that out.
Why did you feed me something you hate?
I'm not your pet.
The sort of person who would be your pet?
Unlikely.
elby, that woman gets under my skin.
What do you mean?
elby elby elby
Hey folks.
It means nothing.
Genocide ants, RobotSlave.
bc, is that true?
I noticed that when I was a monk too.
Ants and snaked really took it out of me, but I just walked through orcs.
Monks have a really easy time with bears, though.
Maybe monks do better with large monsters?
I'm hungry too, but I also feel ill.
Pick me up some pizza?
Ping timeout.
I neeed to pick up this place, go get myself some 12damn pizza, then buy Christmas gifts.
Why the bleah?
Man, you're a weakling.
Get better already!
I like the bustle.
I can't stand not working.
What's it do?
Sounds like a bunch of geekity.
All of it will be cursed?
That can be fixed, though, right?
I'm going to go get pizza!
WAHOOO
I'm thinking I should fire up the ol' nethack in a minute.
Yes, it does.
Are you going to make it or order it?
There's a Thai place two blocks away that I'm going to try sometimes, but not tonight.
5th and Cedar.
YOU WERE WAY OFF
What were you thinking of?
Shallots?
4th & Vine
Is it any good?
Damn them.
A monk shouldn't wear any armor at all?
Hmm, alter on level 1.
Nothing to sacrifice, though 
I don't know what you can wish for.
Wish for a pet dragon.
Either sounds good.
Damn gnometown priest!
What about the blacks?
I was polymorphed into a stalker and stunned
And it's not going away!
Yeah, but I'm stunned too.
Which makes things impossible.
oh, and now I'm blind tool.
I doubt it.
I can't get anywhere while stunned.
Finally, I'm a person again!
That was dumb 
The very first thing I did after polymorphing back to a person was eat a yellow mold corpse and start hallucinating.
I killed a incubus while blind and hallucinating.
take that, bitch
I'm going to just keep kicking and drinking from this sink until I die, I think.
Are food rations vegetarian?
Are lichens vegetarian?
I can't seem to find a definitive list.
I'm using tiles, so I don't see 'b' or what not 
Oh well, I'm sure it's pretty obvious.
A lichen is a vegetable, as is a mold, but a jackal isn't.
What's wrong with tiles?
Damn, I lost my robe to a nymph 
I hunted down that damn nymph and got my robe back!
I have bigger problems, though 
God damn it 
There's no way down 
There aren't any object on the level 'cept a box.
I've been wandering around all the walls pouding S for over a thousand turns now, but nothing.
pounding
oh, just found a little passage to nowhere.
It's a 7x3 room with 18 monsters in it.
I've never seen a throne room before.
Good idea.
What a bizarre room.
It was actually the exit.
I got up to level 6 by dlvl 2
Why can't I take a pickax into a store?
There are two downward staircases on this level
Going to the gnomish mines strikes me as the preferable course of action.
Postpone it?
Will it come up again?
I suppose that's true.
I think I will skip it, actually.
I'm pretty weak.
I found an Oracle.
I'll kill it, and eat the body.
I have no way of breaking the statues 
What the heck?
Oh, a teleport trap.
That was disorienting.
There's little as satisfying as killing nymphs.
I like kicking things too.
Kicking a nymph to death is just the best.
I lost my cat, though.
She wasn't on the same level when I came back from being teleported away.
And gotten sent somewhere else?
Kitty!
She was all the way back on level 2
The cat won't follow me anymore
luisadoll!
You're using punctuation.
You can't be that drunk.
I mean, why not?
bleepers
I need to purchase a Christmas gift for my mother.
Any ideas, elby?
Will it be a damp, grey, lonely Christmas, RobotSlave?
As appealing as that sounds, I already have plans.
You shouldn't leave, bc.
Instead, ban their asses!
bc, Galadrial was killed by a fox 
Oh, wait, I'm thinking of my last Nethack game.
I like to play as a human female named luisa, so I can giggle maniacly when various gory fates befall her.
I still haven't finished my Christmas shopping!
No, not unless socks are particularly pointed.
spybot
I could go do Christmas shopping and get food, or I could stay here and play nethack.
Suggestions, anyone?
I have to work tomorrow.
Also, what if I don't succeed tonight?
Then I'll have to shop tomorrow anyway.
STOP TRYING TO LEAD ME ASTRAY
I don't take a lunch, bc.
Well, I take 10 minutes to eat a sandwich.
Can't.
I'm chained to my workstation!
It's incorporated in Delaware for tax reasons.
Hello, luisa hon.
Slothful and rude, eh?
I hear you, bc!
Ban the fuckers, I say.
The hell you're not.
Even if you weren't, though, you're still a damn whiner.
What is it?
Same thing, really.
Aren't all lagers bland?
What you want is a nice, bitter ale.
There's no reason whatsoever to drink Smirnoff.
Spoken like someone who's never had good vodka, bc.
Oh, do explain, RobotSlave.
Yeah, you've got the idea, RobotSlave.
Absolut is overpriced.
Oh come on.
I'm going to start saying that Scotch is just water, alcohol, and burnt wood if you don't settle down.
Well, yes, luisa.
That's not quite right, bc.
A mini art gallery on the bottle!
I'm almost out of gin and will have to buy again soon.
Suggestion, zikzak?
They don't have it, bc.
Use what sparingly?
Ideally, gin should be shook in ice, showed a bit of vermouth, but not allowed to touch it, then put in a glass with some little onions.
I've heard that too, zikzak, but I think it's a bunch of nonsense.
Citadelle is sold at my store, it looks like, but to get Hendricks, I'd have to go somewhere else, but it's also sold in Seattle.
Yeah, schweppes is what I always get.
Damn liquor stores are never open on Sunday!
Don't they?
I've only ever gotten schweppes, but just out of brand recognition.
Plus, the competition said Canada on it.
Why not, bc?
I don't go to Safeway
How many do you have, bc?
That'll last you for what, a few months?
I'm not so sure.
Should I have a drink before I go, after I get back, or both?
I figured you'd say that.
I'll be wandering the mean streets of Seattle drunk, though!
OK, I went with a reasonably sized drink.
And yes, Seattle can be mean.
specially when you're wandering around drunk calling all the blacks you pass stupid niggers.
There are not!
There are tons and tons and tons of them.
hmm, this is awfully good.
It's a shame I have no little onions.
Are you fine folks going to buy me pizza?
Some sorts of alcohol are good with pizza.
Rum and pizza would be less than ideal, I think.
Is that right, bc?
I'll have to pop on over.
So, why are you trying to lure me over?
What dastardly plan do you have?
Nonsense.
You can get anything delivered.
There are people whose sole job is to deliver things.
I prefer not to eat out alone, though, because everyone looks at me like I'm some sort of loserfreak.
It's unfair, really.
We friendless outcasts need to eat, too.
I would too.
See, RobotSlave, that's the thing.
bc and I aren't sad.
We're just friendless nerds.
We don't need pity, thanks.
That's a grim assesment.
You probably made your suggestion in jest, zikzak, but it's actually really good.
I should buy myself a Playstation 2.
I can't afford it, though 
Anyway, I finished my drink, so I guess I should be going.
However, I'm mildly intoxicated now, and I'm supposed to navigate the cold, dark, and dangers of outside.
You guys' capacity to give bad advice never ceases to amaze me.
Don't they make you get off?
Doesn't it cost money?
I have a buss pass that I think would get me on the monorail.
Hmm, I think might be right.
It's good on that commuter train, though.
That's what I was thinking of.
Well, I'm off!
If I'm not back in four hours, be a pal and tell the Seattle police that qpt is missing, RobotSlave.
I made it back!
I nimbly navigated the horde of shiftless blacks roving the streets.
What's FFF?
What does it say?
What's that from, RobotSlave?
eh, how do you get a tie in Nethack?
zikzak, where'd you end up getting it from?
Go on, zikzak, ban her.
There's no one here would find it in their heart to fault you.
So, zikzak, what sort of pizza do you like?
Sounds good.
I had a greek vegetarian pizza the other day.
It cooks the pizza before you even put it in the oven, zikzak.
bc can't decide whether he wants a fission or fusion pizza.
Seattle has none, as near I can tell.
You're always starting everything.
Troublemaker.
Start me up!
It's 8pm.
Yet another reason you should come to Seattle.
We have more time.
bc, how do you know where to dig for the hidden vault?
Ah, ok.
luisa the human healer was killed by a shopkeeper after attacking him while hallucinating 
bc, this armor cursed my sword.
Nethack is timeless.
bc, you read Hustler?
You're on IRC, murjon.
You clearly have time to waste.
I have a Pentium II 400.
My human valkyrie named luisa was killed by a werejackel and floating eye 
Insane hours?
40 a week?
That is rough.
I'm glad I'm in hightech!
No, blessed by God.
I'm not!
My fortune is due to God blessing me for my life of chastity and service.
Are you some sort of filthy atheist?
I'm trusting in God's blessing, not my own righteousness.
No, not earned it.
I didn't say that.
Dammit, luisa, stop lying you slut.
I needed another comma in there, but I was worked up.
Gah, you're one to talk of hypocrisy, luisa.
You trumpet your alleged chastity while making plans for your next sexual encounter!
It sickens me.
She's always thinking about her next fix.
That's how junkies are.
You're also a sexaddict, though.
That's not possible!
I'm an ugly virgin.
I couldn't possibly be a sexaddict.
No, you're just talking nonsense.
It's a good thing I'm not God, luisa, or I would smite you so very, very hard right now.
Shut up.
We both know that when you're alone with a boy it degenerated into sexual perversion, luisa, so just shut the hell up.
What are you talking about, bc?
I don't have a problem.
I simply hate sluts who masquerade as chaste girls.
I hate them.
I don't remember that, but I'm not a slut, murjon, so it would be ok.
I guess.
Did I do that?
ubu, if you'll note, bc is airing my sexual predatory feelings, not me.
Take it up with him.
I don't know what to tell you.
I have no interest in sex other than that of trying to keep sluts honest.
If that makes me a sexual predator, oh well.
Turn me on?
That's laughable.
Yes, for once we agree, luisa.
bc is making an awful lot up.
Nobody is driving me into a frenzy of anything!
I didn't say that.
I didn't say one of those, at least.
I doubt it.
I am the victim here 
bc is attacking me, like always, for no reaosn.
reason
I'm at peace!
I only torment you, if that.
What sick fantastic rhetoric?
What are you talking about, really?
Let's have a little accountability, ubu.
You've been making steadily wilder and wilder accusations, and we've played along, but I think you owe us some evidence now.
That's fabricated.
No maybe.
I see that you're willing to fabricate evidence to support unsubstantiated charges.
Is that your point, ubu?
No, luisa, ubu really has been making on you pretty heavily 
macking
I'll agree with #1.
However, I have no interest in luisa, and after a lot of soul searching, ubu, I've come to terms that I really am heterosexual and you really are a man, ubu, so my lust for you really isn't ever going to go anywhere.
That's resolved, for me.
bc, she's an irritating, skinny little black girl.
Give me some credit.
Everywang.
I'm not racist.
I've never been injured by a black.
Wisconsin?
Heidi?
ubu, I forgot about cyn.
He intends to marry her, ubu.
ubu, something has been eating at me.
cyn didn't tell any tales.
bc and I set it up.
To drive a wedge between you two.
That's a bit harsh.
bc did it for love.
I did it because I like trouble.
I have more I need to confess.
My campaign to discredit luisa's chastity was intended to make her more appealing to you, ubu, to draw you away from cyn.
We all know much you like sluts, after all.
You don't like sluts?
Well, I just kind of assumed.
I mean, it sure seems like you do.
Well, I'm not sure.
It just seemed the natural thing to think, considering.
I didn't want to say it, ubu, but you did impregnate a single woman.
I mean, come on 
bc, you're thinking of someone else.
I'm pretty sure now.
It's frustrating how easy it is to get people confused when it's all just three letter nicks 
Don't be daft, bc.
It succeeded!
He'll never go back to cyn.
He won't.
The desire is gone, bc, and he's powerless to get it back.
luisa is closer, murjon, and seems easier.
As am I.
You can have her.
I can say, with confidence, that nobody else in this channel wants luisa.
I wouldn't enjoy an evening out with you, luisa.
You're not the sort of person I enjoy being around.
Really, bc.
Anyway, you'd be bored with me, luisa.
And you being bored would bore me.
Thankfully, no one in here requires your patience, luisa.
You're not helping by calling me dear.
Who's being personal?
That wasn't expecially clear, bc.
especially
Oh hush.
I just kid around.
I don't crash airplanes into anyone.
No, luisa, bc isn't being very nice to me.
I've been thinking about becoming gay.
Being enthusiastic and having a lisp and good aesthetics all seems like fun.
What would God care, luisa?
It's not like I'm going to have sex with men.
I'd be a chaste homosexual, zikzak.
I'd date men, sure, but there'd be no touching or anything like that.
I don't lust, MessiahWWKD.
Lust is selfindulgent, MessiahWWKD.
I simply don't permit myself the luxury.
Should you go to bed?
Hello, cyn.
You can't sleep regularly alone?
It's a thankless job.
It was actually highly rewarding when I was employed similarly 
I hope it doesn't work out.
I'd miss your whining.
kill HUMP
tee hee hee
Sweety sugar honey babe!
What is bete?
Thanks, ubu.
It hurts to hear that, but thanks.
Stupid can be taken as a term of affection?
I don't appreciate your terms of affection, particularly not when they're insults.
Please refrain from using them to address me.
I'm honest to a fault, it's true.
If I could say anything less than the absolute truth, luisa, things would go more smoothly.
Not so!
For example, this statement is true.
Maybe, but it wasn't.
Anyway, most of the time I say things that are neither true nor false, such as wooo!
To work that eleven hour day.
Mornings are nice, though.
I like them, even though I have trouble waking up.
I like to sit sleepily in my office drinking coffee and reading my email.
A lot of mine is workrelated, but doesn't really impact me.
Well, after I read my email, I take my coffee and go say my morning hellos, then come back read a few workrelated mailing lists, to see if anything important has come up.
By then, it's usually time for a meeting.
After than, I'll start working, unless it's lunch by now.
Why not?
Yeah, but it doesn't make any difference what I do, wtf \
He's afraid of folks who distribute movies.
There's a slight difference.
That's exactly what I want!
Enough of this nonsense!
luisa, tell us about your fondness or lack thereof for pudding.
We just want to hear about you.
luisa doesn't even like normal sex.
I doubt she finds anal sex apealing.
Pudding, though, was the original question.
If I'm ever inclined to make you some pudding, I want to know which flavor, or whether I should even bother at all.
hehe, that was great.
I'm still laughing 
Oh come on, luisa, you had it coming and he gave it to you.
So anyway, what sort of pudding do you like?
Are you ever going to express pudding preference?
Huffy and simpering together, well, that's a bit beyond my ability to love.
If I were, you'd never know it.
Hello, bc.
I just said hello.
Hey, don't look at me like that.
Howdy, cyndrebean.
cyndrekit, you gave your baby away?
bc, you can't really blame cyn for that.
You let me lead you astray, just like always, only to then let me drop you 
What've you been up to, cyndrekit?
brb, loves
Excellent.
What've you been up to, cyn?
She's a domestic wonder.
Right, you're a domestic wonder!
Probably $14.
By the time it got where?
Right, where is that?
I knew you were in Scotland.
All that deep space crap was lies!
HAHAHAHA
Don't make me rage at you in front of your little girlfriend.
No, that's absurd.
Jin hates him.
You're fairly clearly his little girlfriend.
You've also said that cyn was your little girlfriend, often enough.
You have so!
This argument is pointless, though.
Don't swear in front of your little girlfriend.
I'm scripted a shortcut for little girlfriend, so I might as well keep saying it.
Are you talking like a pirate, cyn, or did you forget a comma?
Arggh!
Quit flirtin' wit' me qpt!
heh, bloody pirates.
Anyway, I'm sure I don't flirt with anyone in here but RobotSlave, and even that isn't such that anyone would notice.
The heck I do.
AlkaSeltzer doesn't so anything that pepperoni doesn't do better.
Substituting cornstarch for eggs is asking for disaster.
Alright, RobotSlave, what should be eaten on a hamburger?
I wasn't paying attention.
Did it include eggs?
Give me a fried egg on my hamburger~
Also, canadian bacon, and real bacon.
No, no mushrooms.
Avacado is the only vegetable needed.
For condiments, thick delicious mayo will do.
murjon, in here, avacado is a vegetable.
Got it?
Bovine Growth Hormone.
What flavor?
Mix together some bad vodka and worse rum and go to town, RobotSlave.
zikzak, what a hardened alcoholic you must be!
I'm nearinsensate after one bottle of wine.
I wonder, zikzak, if you were drinking grape juice when you were unable to get buzzed.
It's a psychosomatic hangover.
Because he's too much of a damn pessimist.
I don't really much like wine.
I'd prefer gin with little onions.
When I drink wine, I also think of the Simpsons!
In particular, I think about how so very hot Marge is.
Oh heavens!
Is it?
Flavored gin?
Isn't all gin flavored?
Oh, OK.
I think gin is best, anyway.
I don't care if it's kosher!
I hate jews, though, you have to remember.
That's why Jews aren't considered kosher and can't be eaten by other jews, zikzak.
I think a woman who let a tiny child suck on her breast is clearly deserving of stoning, actually.
Yes, zikzak.
Let's celebrate womyn.
You're clearly a member of the Penis Hegemony.
Hooray!
Night, sweets.
I think you are, momocrome!
Grab a bat and get out there!
zikzak, commee, luvaaboy!
kiss kiss kiss kissseeessssss
You missed your chance to get a few off on cynbug.
Vlad is fickle, momocrome, and forgets his friends faster than his locker combinations.
trolltalk url?
I don't know why I can't remember that.
k22320 Inchfan was a German submarine.
Thankfully, I'm not important enough to warrant mention!
I don't think you actually know what it means.
No, no.
Sorry.
Not really.
It doesn't stand for anything at all \
Are you calling my manhood into question?
I'm actually a lithe, nubile young woman.
Hey, zikzak.
What's up?
Touching what?
You've probably ejaculated already, haven't you?
No kidding, zikzak.
I look older and more insane than that!
No, bc, preGZ.
It was in response to trolltalk being overrun.
I said something about this place being buried in a crap flood
Heh, I figured.
I still can't get over what a simple, manifest truth this is bc = boring crap
trolltalk is absolutely nuts.
How many people do you think are posting?
He fucked Jin six ways from Sunday.
Ass, cunt, mouth, and then three more that I won't mention.
Hugh Grant.
He's a famous troll.
Let me fill it in.
bc is Hugh Grant.
cp, you're going to anger me.
I wonder who would win in a fight, Ving Rhames or Paul Reubens.
Penisshowing.
mode Vlad
He does too have a meanspirited bone!
He spent several hours once threatening to kill me.
I think the alcoholism stems from the inborn inability to stop drinking a lot of scotch.
Oh, he'll wake up with a stiff neck no matter how he sleeps.
It's just marketing, really.
Pizza, if you're lucky.
I'm usually lucky.
Isn't Bridget Bardot dead?
I think I'd rather have Myst.
Oh, then just old.
Still, Myst.
So, ej, would you like an old woman or an old video game?
Hello, bc.
I'm planning on spending Christmas playing nethack instead of spending time with the people I'm supposed to be spending time with.
What are you polymorphed into?
Heck yeah.
You can poke people wit' it.
You can't teleport while carrying a dagger.
Can't.
Can you take a pickax into a shop if it's in a bag?
I'll have to try.
Go right through the wall!
I have to catch a plane in a bit.
What a pain \
I don't like flying.
Apply it, bc, to your head.
Nifty background.
Hello, folks.
Nerd talk.
I'm such an unnerd, actually.
What did you have?
I'll ask again tomorrow.
I think that's still debated, so you should say If I were a woman.
Thanks!
That was broad.
That why you call one local to lb, luisa, and pay with a credit card over the phone.
Actually, that might not work.
Don't they bring a reciept to sign, lb?
I don't see why it wouldn't be possible.
It's no different than what many catalogs and such allow.
I actually made pizza last night.
Homemade crust and all!
luisa, no, there aren't.
lb is orange.
It's truly a match made in heaven, then.
Can you do a hat dance?
I giant novelty sombrero, no less?
The pretty angel boy needs to die?
luisa, you're fucking insane.
Mentally and emotionally unstable and erratic.
I don't condemn you for being mentally ill, understand.
Hello, folks.
Do you have a bad driving record?
115/month is pretty reasonable, actually.
I'll get a car some day.
For sure.
I call it beer.
Alabama's upper crust calls it pop behind closed doors.
I've never heard someone sound so bigoted about something that unimportant.
The south will rise again.
Why's that, bc?
I'm in a foul mood.
You allowed yourself to be sullied by the touch of a young maiden?
I'm sure she had her filthy hands all over you.
Jealous of whom?
I didn't hug anyone today, I'm proud to say.
bc, I don't want to hug you.
At all.
Sorry, ol' bean.
Explain.
If it is my lot to deliver mankind's crushing blow, I relish the task!
Before my wrath, mankind will stagger, stumble, and finally fall, and once fallen, he will not rise again.
Unlike the south, which will rise again.
Or maybe the south will rise before I crush mankind.
We'll see!
Your theory has merit, though.
Three hundred pound southern females.
First_Incision, tell your story to vlad.
He'll be envious.
Well, maybe not black chicks.
He could be racist.
I'm not sure.
He sure likes fatties, though!
No, that's still not what you mean, First_Incision.
Hallo, lb.
Third time's the charm.
I used mine correctly, though.
I slightly hurt my shoulder 
Most geeks like girls, you'll note.
Just something to think about.
They do!
bc, I went to the liquor store today and the clerk same one as always gave me a look and commented on how I had apparently survived the new year.
Fucker.
That's exactly what he was suggesting 
I hadn't even been in there for a good six weeks!
When I got up here, though, I had no liquor at all, so I bot tons and tons for about three weeks, replentishing my stock.
I think he thought I was drinking it as fast as I bought it, which would be a superhuman effort.
He made up for it though when and keep in mind that it was raining pretty hard he asked the lady behind me if she was keeping dry!
Asking someone, in a liquor store, if they're keeping dry!
How droll.
Is anything less attractive than leopard print women's underwear?
No, nothing.
Mexicans.
What does it do?
You work for a porn site?
Sure, whatever you say.
Hello, luisa.
Hello, luisa.
I play.
bc is here too.
Uppercase P, luisa.
For Put on.
Buffy really isn't much to look at, MessiahWWKD.
Neither is Willow.
lusia, if it's a magic ring, it's already doing its thing.
Well, the descriptions are scrambled each game.
Some rings don't have obvious functions, though, like rings of ability preservation, or whatever, which will keep your stats from going down.
If it's a ring of conflict, though, you'll likely notice >
I think I need a drink.
Damn, that's a good drink!
I ended up working one day this week.
Thank heavens I'm salaried!
Or pour yourself a drink, maybe.
Why would you want to be a sex toy, MessiahWWKD?
Nonsense.
I will settle only for a virgin.
Big deal.
I wouldn't sully my virgin with sex.
Anyway, I'm not sure I care if my virgin has had sex, so long as she has the virgin mindset.
It's all about attitude.
Actually physical history is largely unimportant, as long as there aren't any gross medical problems.
Well, a virgin wouldn't know better.
She couldn't compare one to past lovers!
Of course not.
luisa, are you honestly never even tempted by sex?
I'll admit that even I have been sexually attracted to a girl.
As it does me, but I still can't help but want a girl physically sometimes.
Guys are shallow, luisa.
They like breasts.
I think everyone likes a lot more than just breasts.
If you start with the Neanderthal nonsense again, I will ban you.
Don't frown, bubs.
It's unavoidable for most people, bc.
However, don't encourage the thoughts, dwell on them, or act on them, and you'll be fine.
On the other hand, free will is an illusion, and one's actions are biologically determined, so do the fuck whatever.
You were going to do it anyway.
Well, try again tomorrow.
You should've.
She isn't in control!
Wouldn't you feel trapped by having someone control you?
I'd feel like I was in a cage or something if someone had any substantial power over me.
Power corrupts, they say.
I'm tiny and fragile, likewise, but with too much power, I go mad.
People start to suffer!
No, that's the very worst.
The temptation to abuse one's power over a single individual is horribly strong.
Abase you?
How so?
I read that super naked.
That would be funny.
Make me super naked!
yikes.
That sounds painful.
How deliciously cruel, bc!
I mean.
That's mean.
You're imagination is wholly gone over to the devil, I see that much now!
If luisa was going to make me supper for me naked, I'd leave and tell her to give me a ring when she had finished and put some damn clothes on.
make supper for me naked
I sound like a southerner there!
Oh, I'd ask, then leave.
Nay, tell!
If you can't understand, there's no explaining it.
But I think you do.
The boy from work?
Uh, lb?
He'll be in Texas in March for a conference.
I think Austin, yes.
I'm not sure.
I don't really pay that much attention to people's conference plans.
Some of it sticks, some of it doesn't.
There's no explaining.
It wasn't Dallas, though.
Either Austin or Houston.
Pizza takes a while to make, though.
A tiny naked girl kneading pizza dough could be cute, if I found that sort of thing appealing.
Wobbly orange rolls of fat would be entertaining.
It's disturbing how many women still want to be appreciated for their domestic skills.
I rented some movies this evening.
If I tell you, bc, you're going to use it as an excuse to try to psychoanalyze me.
I'd just as soon not.
I'll be honest, too, if you guess correctly.
No, no, and no.
I don't think Rape King 2000 is a movie.
You would've at least been closer if you had guessed the title of an actual movie.
I don't know anything about that.
What're they about?
I didn't think there were that many kings.
None of them are documentaries.
Sure, guess away.
I have no idea.
I haven't seen it.
OK, that's enough.
I rented Cadyshack and Dumbo.
A highpower drill.
I think I deserve another drink.
bc has always been especially tolerant of luisa's dishonesty, lb.
He's too sentimental, lb.
Too forgiving of women.
You don't cut me any slack, bc 
Remember, though, luisa, you hurt yourself the most with your lies.
My grandmother used to say that one imprisoned oneself when one lied.
Each untruth a bar in an evershrinking cage!
The truth is the key to the whole mess, luisa.
Just tell the truth and you'll be free.
Cut it loose then phone the manager whining about someone cutting it loose.
She's ugly.
bc, she's not really that good looking at all.
She doesn't, though.
She just looks ugly.
Couldn't very well be worse looking.
Not so!
Have you been drinking?
You already did, really.
Anyway, there's only one girl I think is attractive, and while her picture is online, I'm hardly going to give it to you.
No, not Jin.
Silly.
How does that prove my views are absurd?
I just know that she happens to value her privacy.
Physical attraction isn't enough, bc.
No woman is attractive when regarded purely physically.
I don't think there's anything odd about finding only one woman attractive.
Oh, fetching.
I can't be bothered to notice such unimportant details.
I choose none.
Brighter than you, love =
Whatever you want to think, luisa.
Your brain doesn't have wrinkles.
It's the texture of a grape.
Hello, cyndoll.
I think by not certain you are you meant certain you are not, elby.
You're easy to kick around, luisa, that's for sure.
Not quite.
luisa, stop whining, really.
If you're to be a nobody, at least don't be a whining nobody.
I'll come to Houston someday, luisa, and love you for 24 hours.
I do so swear.
You could wear your nakedness like a heavy coat, shielding you from the cold winter's air.
No, I doubt it.
Most dress codes only ban a particular sort of nudity.
What an absurd notion.
OK, go with plan B, the spangled dress.
Is it cool there?
Wear an anklelength skirt, a slightly flattering sweater, and a choker.
Damnation.
A good chokersweater combination is fantastic.
No, don't listen to elby.
Right, grade 8 sweaters don't suite you.
You need sweaters that flatter the bust and shoulders almost imperceptibly.
Not those tight little sweaters that the trollops wear, I hope.
What sort of purple?
Hmm, I can see that working, but I can also see it not working.
I'm sure it did.
Why's that?
Hmm, your hips are too small, probably.
Exactly, luisa.
A girl with broadish hips will look quite good in a long dress but fat in a long skirt.
Skirts draw tight at the waste accentuating the hips.
Some girls don't need that, though.
The 20s hats?
As a general rule, women shouldn't wear hats at all, I think.
Lots of chicks look bad in berets.
Some girls can wear hats and look good.
As a trend, though, hats are usually a disaster.
Save them from what?
What's the job you hope works out?
Put them on!
It all sounds very Dickens.
Moldy, waspinfested white dresses, you know.
God was in the box?
Not appropriate for open channel.
Keep it in message.
I love bleaching my whites.
And keep it out of any message to me!
While our relationship is, of course, highly homoerotic, I prefer it to be subtly so.
Do you work tomorrow, luisa?
A simple yes or no would suffice.
You don't get enough sleep.
No wonder you're despairing.
Fatigue can cause depression.
You don't want love, my little buttercup.
You want sleep!
No, love, you need sleep.
What did you decide on?
zikzak, I bought some citadelle
now I'm getting drunk off my ass in sheer bliss
shook with ice and with a splash of tonic it's fantastic
You don't hate me, luisa.
shut up, bc!
zikzak, the bottle I got was about $25 
bc, I am not going to put gin in coke
I didn't see liter bottles
zikzak, I have it worse, almost.
The clerk at the liquor store, when he saw me today, commented on how I had apparently survived the new years.
As though I were likely to drink myself to death on the 31st.
I did.
I lived until the 2nd, at least!
by, my darling love.
Hello, luisa!
How do you mean?
I have no hobbies, to speak of, and no girlfriend, but get on just fine.
zikzak, this is old news.
She dumped me.
luisa is correct.
She dumped me for someone else.
Well, no.
Last I heard, it didn't work out for her and him.
Untouched by what?
So could I, bc, but we're here.
What a bizarre chance.
I am a might and ancient creature wholly beyond the understanding of you humans who appear and vanish in but an instant.
Yet here I am.
mighty
I'm not so mighty as to be unaffected by booze.
Age is important, luisa, because it correlates highly to maturity.
Also, a large number is better than a small number, a priori.
oh, luisa 
You know the language, but in your mouth, it is just a harsh mockery.
Your chromosomes are wrong, bc.
I am so straight.
You wouldn't believe.
There are no lesbians here, luisa.
Oh, did you mean here as in #adequacy or Houston?
Oh, sorry.
Bisexual
I can't even imagine.
I don't want to!
I hope the full meaning of that word always remains a mystery.
I'll pretend with you, zikzak.
I once phone luisa.
We chatted for thirtyeight minuts.
phoned minutes
I am so intoxicated right now.
But lying runs deeper.
I must always lie.
I want to phone luisa.
msg me your phone number.
When you're done laughing, /msg me your phone number.
luisa, you want to know the truth?
I'd give you my phone number if A I could remember it.
and B You would actually call it.
My current phone number is rather new.
I don't know it 
I'd remember.
Of course I can, bc.
I wrote it down several places.
8675309
If I'm sober enough to make out those digits, I'm sober enough to make out the actual ones.
I would give my number to you right now, if you would promise to call it.
No, they share a phone.
UK is a socialist state.
I don't even have a land line.
My only phone is a cell phone.
I would give you the number in a bare heartbeat, luisa, if only you asked.
I want to hear you sweet voice.
Curses.
Horrible temptations
argghhh
Oh, luisa.
You tempt me.
You tempt me so very, very much.
zikzak leaps to my defense!
God bless, you brave warrior of deception!
You troll, you obscurer of truths!
Don't ask me direct.
Don't /msg me asking for it.
I am so very drunk.
I do not know if I would resist.
counsel me to the contrary
quick!
before it's too late
what is there to gain, cur.
luisa, any time now.
Anyone alive?
Hello, AJ.
I can't account for what I've been doing.
It involved a lot of gin and was probably expensive, though.
It's 530
No, I have a normal job.
I have today off though.
Half of anything is luck.
It depends.
Sometimes, it's work.
Other times, money, sex, or more luck.
Half of anything is luck P
Your cell phone pays your bills?
Nifty.
did ur bank account get empty?
did u member to uze ur kutsee spelling?
I'm sick as a dog, still.
God damn zikzak.
This is his fault.
I don't understand the joke, Captain_Tenille.
What's there?
Maybe I'm not a real Seattlite.
Meanie.
What about SCSI Ultra Fast Wide?
Thanks for the tip, Captain NerdyPants.
ScSi UlTrA
It matters to them.
The ladies aren't here.
The DOL closes at 5.
Can I make it?
Department of Licensing.
A few blocks.
However, I need to shower and get dressed.
Also, I'm not sure I can walk that far.
Last time I was there, it was completely empty, but I hadn't brought everything I needed.
A larger bribe, apparently.
It wasn't anything as interesting as that.
I needed proof of address.
I just don't care enough to go today.
That sounded like fun, RobotSlave.
Heavens forbid you'd just be pleasant.
Coup de grace.
Be sure to pronounce it coop dee grays
How many French women does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Hello.
How 'bout you get me a pizza and I'll find you a girlfriend?
Come on, pizza is yummy!
Nobody is going to believe you're 19, ra.
elby, I was drunk.
Oh, yeah.
I was actually sick, but due to excessive consumption of alcohol.
It's not just a good idea.
It's the law.
Are you allowed in here?
What else is there for them to do with each other?
People on the Internet.
There's nothing wrong with talking about oneself in the third person.
Hello, luisa.
Night, bed.
It was naive of me to suppose you'd do anything so healthy as go to bed at a reasonable hour, I suppose.
For the third year in a row, Men's Fitness magazine 
has named the city Houston the nation's fattest
Are you staying entertained?
That's a real shame.
Someone ought to do something about that.
Writing shell scripts?
Hello, bed.
But why?
A fit thereof.
Women are so prone.
Did you just wake up?
It seems to be working fine, here.
Probably.
Just sleep until morning.
Wake up bright and early, ready to sieze the day!
On a Saturday?
That's criminal.
freebase, and no.
Skip work, though, and go to the beach.
Don't torment the poor girl with your brutal, unfriendly nickname.
Sure, we're the loopy ones.
Say it like you mean it.
lb, when is a door not a door?
lb, when it's ajar!
HAHAHA
Hello!
ha, that's nothing.
Perhaps you ought to eat.
Wasn't talking to you.
You're unimportant.
I still refuse to believe that's a nice thing to call someone.
See, we just don't see things that way.
Whore is such an ugly word, too.
Is it oatmeal?
There's probably something that could be done with salmon and oatmeal, but it's not coming to me.
You have pizza?
Yeah, you said, love.
I'm not sure I quite understand, though.
Love can't realy be cooked with at all.
Very well.
Love is filling?
Potatos aren't love either.
I'm starting to get a little skeptical.
Enough racist potato jokes, lb.
Halibut is almost always served with mashed potatos.
Anyway, lb, crisped by frying or by broiling?
So you've not done it yourself?
What would be wrong?
Then just keep it hot.
You screw it up by letting the temperature get to low, bed.
Then the potatos would get greaselogged.
Why not?
Well, bed, this just isn't your day.
Not but a few minutes ago you were starving to death, and now you're engorged with salmon and, eh, love.
You so engorged yourself that you pinged out, little bed?
You should've had someone over to help.
A big fat guy, with an unlimited ability to consume.
A big fat orange guy, mebbe.
What should one expect after eating so much love.
And when you wake up tomorrow and see how plump you've become, you'll regret it.
Hit the gym.
Turn yourself into a solid mass of muscle!
That doesn't make any sense.
I bet you'd look different if you gained ten pounds.
I doubt it, since the muscle and fat wouldn't both go to the same places.
Really, though, just put any weight you gain on your tummy.
Then work that booty, chica!
A papaya?
Hourglass?
Your bust is, well, miniscule.
Vanishingly small.
For practical purposes, not there at all!
bed, come on, there's no shame in bustlessness.
I haven't a bust, to speak of.
And while lb does have a substantial one, he's not proud of it.
I think most people try to avoid observing them.
I should hope.
Hello, bc.
luisa, you should spend the evening quietly reflecting on the past year.
Then struggle with your homicidal urges, luisa, and overcome them.
bc, stop.
Kicking a door is unladylike.
I don't really care if there is any such piece of software, but being abusive is fun.
Vlad isn't here.
zuul is a bot.
He bites back 
You're not going to suggest I be abusive toward luisa, bc?
You're going on a rampage.
There were only eight people in here who aren't you, though.
You kicked a full 1/4 of the channel!
luisa, really, stop swearing like that.
Please.
I can't abide bad language 
Poor bubs.
lo, RobotSlave.
For sure.
Maybe she meant company in a general sense.
We in this channel are a company.
You're so very vain, though.
It's absurd how vain you are.
Don't gay men usually have boyfriends, RobotSlave?
I confess I don't know much about them.
You weren't beautiful at twenty.
Telling.
Maybe you meant 25?
So luisa is 35.
That makes sense.
A 35 year old gay man.
Is it horrid?
Being a 35 year old gay man.
I'm sorry.
Is that why you pretend to be a young woman?
Everyone pretends.
I'll buy that, RobotSlave.
Perhaps you're the only girl who sounds so much like a gay male, luisa.
Just a thought.
That couldn't be it, RobotSlave.
But you call men boy, prefer the pretty ones over the ones with character, are a food snob, vain, and drink tea.
You haven't accounted for the evidence, luisa.
bc, maybe many girls are gay men.
Girls are ugly creatures, and the deeper you peer into them, the uglier they get.
Yes, some girls, and the rest too.
What would you even know about girls?
Women faint for a spell.
All illusion of her femininity is dispelled.
We're trying.
Don't tell bc, RobotSlave, but cyn is also a man.
I got a 13/14 on that one.
That's why I'm going to steer clear of buttsex.
Fucking an elbow 1 out of every 14 times isn't worth it.
Speaking of buttsex, momocrome.
Well, I'm sure you can finish the question.
Was it?
Serves her right, I'm sure.
You can probably punch her head, anyway.
In luisa's case, though, it's actually both.
Not really.
She has a penis, see.
Was that Zen, RobotSlave, because it makes no sense, otherwise.
Existence precedes essence, and that's really all I have to say about that.
It's gotten me a lot of tail.
bc, too.
zuul, America
zuul, United States
zuul, The United States
zuul, usa
zuul, zuul
Wasn't Newton shown to be wrong, or at least incomplete?
Like what?
It's been grand over here.
I do not!
For the record, some of my closest friends are black.
I don't know why there should be anything surprising about it.
Isn't luisa black?
Other than the gender confusion which is perfectly forgivable here, if anywhere, he's a fine chap.
I wonder who I'm thinking of.
Damnit.
Shut up.
I'm pink.
He's a drunk, though, dmg.
So he has a drunk's bright red nose.
I'm thinking it would be prudent to have some gin while dinner cooks.
With a name like Cumming, he doesn't need a nickname.
Is Mansfield Cumming even funny in French?
Pity em isn't here, or he'd give you an earful about Chomsky.
You're always freezing.
Move, you fool.
I always figured you were a one lass sort of chap, bc.
Still lying, I see.
Even the ugly one?
We can submit, submit, and finally, submit.
And I don't.
I'm well on my way to heaven.
dmg, what does that mean?
We're all related.
I'd never have sex with anyone at all, so I'm in the clear.
Who's sean?
Appears to work for me, too.
My vote for best PM of the 20th century goes to Chamberlain.
He was well on his way to preventing WWII before he got voted out.
I don't think the Germans ever did anything that the rest of us didn't want to.
Also, kicking France's ass twice in a few decades was admirable.
The way I see it, Germany comes out of the 20th Century looking pretty good.
That isn't safe.
bc told me you were white.
Oh, I have trouble keeping track of which lies you've retracted, bc.
Because you hate Asians.
And you're filled with selfloathing.
It stands to reason.
Well, yes.
How the hell does someone get to be 55% anything?
Go on, let's hear what he family tree is.
If you don't stop whining about not having a boyfriend.
Really, you'll have one soon.
What will your excuse be once you have a boyfriend?
The hell you don't care!
What's not possible?
Did you have a chat with him?
Why in blazes not?
You should've just told her that you needed to talk to him in private.
She would've felt it was rude, but she would've left.
That's why she likes him.
You're both pussies.
No, she doesn't, thankfully.
I don't either, and I must say that I'm disgusted by the drunkeness in this channel.
What a perverse solution.
luia needs courage, not booze.
Is he runty and ugly?
He must be used to women saying that they like tall, handsome men.
Could you explain why any of this is a reason why you shouldn't declare your interest, luisa?
I doubt it, dmg.
He's a short, ugly, pussy little runt.
You don't have any pride, luisa.
Right, you gave up your pride when you did that.
Enough about the damn ladder theory!
luisa, we all here know you're a pathetic wretch 
It's time you let him know too.
No, it's not.
Feeling like the only boy you like thinks your plain and being covered with spiders is worse.
Puts spiders on you, luisa?
Does he buy her spider repellent?
I bet he does.
He wants to fill her with babies.
She's already demonstrated her competence in that area.
You should listen to some Def Leppard.
Uh, right.
I'm never persistant.
If I like a girl, I tell her immediately.
If she's even slightly standoffish, I give up totally.
Or you're nuts.
luisa, tell me his name, I'll look it up online, then you can tell him that you got his number from one of his friends.
I am a friend to all men, after all.
My plan is fool proof.
His phone number isn't in the phone book?
They put that little thingy online a while ago, you know.
You should lease a cable modem, luisa!
Do it anyway, luisa.
You've vowed a great many things that you've gone ahead and done.
The hell it would.
There's nothing wrong with being 7.
I'm going to defend bc's racism, because I think it's healthy.
I also hate niggers and spics.
You do not, luisa.
You love your little pussyboy.
And your other pussyboy, bc.
hmm, a pattern emerges.
Good deal.
Maybe you should sleep more.
I'm not sure I meant anything so physical as all that.
Why can't you?
Tell you what, I'll knock back a few for you.
Aww, come on, babe.
I'm trying!
What was it?
Imagine that.
How was it, bc?
I'll have to see it sometime.
I hope you didn't cry in the cinema.
luisa?
Is playing d&d exciting?
nethack is playing d&d?
I thought d&d was played with dice.
Oh, OK.
Why in blazes would you play a nudist?
You're supposed to be making dinner, luisa.
I already had a supper, but could use another, so get to work.
Didn't I just tell you to go make supper?
Oh OK.
Wait until the song is over, yes, then into the kitchen with you.
A pity RobotSlave isn't here.
Now he'll see it.
I like monk's autosearch.
It's fantastic.
Damn it.
Dance mixes are absurd.
I don't listen to anything with female vocals.
Can't stand women's voices.
Why is K5 so slow 
It takes me forever to post my little almostwitty oneliners.
MessiahWWKD, we all know how you feel about women.
Let's see how you vocalize after she crushes your throat under her combat boot.
It's 8pm.
You live on a farm?
No, you're not.
Do you have any attractive young milkmaids in your employ?
hehe, you're a li'l Russian girl now?
Budding?
I'm familiar with the term only from horticulture.
Who isn't the devil, really?
bc does that to me sometimes too, luisa 
Surely three would be enough?
Unless you just go to bed.
You need someone to sing you a lullaby.
Perhaps your boy from work would be amicable.
Your sleep schedule is highly errative.
erratic
Doubtful.
He's alone, longing for you.
No, not the married chick!
He just uses her to get his mind off what he feels he can't have, you.
I don't think I want to read that, bc.
Do you have a husband for luisa in mind, bc?
Who is it?
What a fantastic idea!
luisa, you're getting married!
I can assure you that she craves your touch, your attention, everything about you.
Why she wouldn't want to marry you is entirely beyond me.
bc, have you seen the poetry she's written about you?
Well, you should probably forget I asked that, then.
This isn't the /msg window >
We were composing some stupid things in this window.
I can't think of anyone I would marry for tea.
Pretty offensive, apparently.
Not you, bc.
Cold, hard, and ugly, then?
eh, that's the first thing that came to mind?
Don't take the Lord's name in vain.
luisa, cook a very small amount of something.
Why do you want to serve everything with potatos?
Also, you should be asking me.
RobotSlave would be the first to ask, but he isn't here.
luisa, since swordfish is fatty, do something light with the potatos.
Don't fry them, or anything like that.
And you'll be fine.
That would probably be good.
When will you have it delivered?
Dinner.
You're making dinner for me, aren't you?
I do have a remote control kitchen, actually.
You, however, do not have a remote control kitchen control unit 
Potentially dangerous, if I wandered into my kitchen.
I could get hit by a pan!
bc, you should get drunk.
I would not 
That's really low, bc.
You're accusing me of wanting to do what you've already done to me!
Well, I'm better than that.
Go on, apologize.
I wasn't contemplating it, now apologize.
I contemplated nothing of the sort!
Now apologize.
That was quick.
Let's hear it.
bc> qpt, I know I was wrong to do what I did
How about that?
Yeah, that.
Go right ahead.
Can you elaborate on the concept of a frame of consciousness?
My will to resist temptation is very much impaired while drunk.
I am less able to focus on the longterm negative consequences of my actions.
I didn't say that my personality was so fundamentally different.
I think I said something quite different, bc!
I just said I was more prone to give into temptation and elaborated on that briefly.
You're not weasling out of this.
I am who I am, and you owe me an apology.
That's nonsense, bc.
Apologize!
It's me, now who must suffer for what you've done 
Just punishment!
What did I ever do to anyone while drunk?
Damn you, cur.
You wronged me, admit it.
I've never hurt anyone while drunk.
Weren't you going out?
See, I wanted to gossip about you, but can't when you're here.
I think it's time for another drink.
I plan to get that apology out of you regardless, bc!
yeh, that.
You hurt me.
You used me!
You did.
You exploited me for your own twisted amusement.
cash does rhyme with cash, though.
That's controversial.
IQ tests can't be culturallyunbiased, though.
Well, I suppose it depends on what that means.
Blacks will never score as well as Asians on a perfectly fair IQ test because they're just dumber.
intelligence?
That's what it comes down to.
When you dig through all the PCspeak, a cutlurallyunbiased IQ test is simply one which doesn't score more intelligent people higher than less intelligent ones.
Yeah, it gives high scores to intelligent people.
Such bias!
Pretty much!
you are?
Brother!
Agreed, just as soon as you apologize.
Is that contested, seriously?
shoeboy, my IQ is 71 and I get on just fine.
I'm glad I'm normal.
I score in the 1015th percentile, usually.
I'm glad I'm normal.
Every man is taller than every woman, actually.
Have you ever taken a spelling test, buddy?
shoeboy, getting paid to code while not coding is a sign of?
Coding is really rewarding sometimes, actually.
I've never done it without some sort of reward, though.
It's true, it can be fun work.
I was thinking of money, lb.
Well, lb, it may be easy to come by, but to get it honestly, one must work.
There's little work that's better than some occasional coding thrown together with some other fun stuff.
Oh well.
What are you going to do, lb?
Mistakes happen.
That's the way I see things.
Leave it alone, bc.
OK, enough.
Yeah, bc.
Quit being a topic Nazi.
Quit being some kind of coercist.
I'm not hounding anyon!
anyone
Anyway, I love luisa.
She knows that.
How was I hounding you?
Why won't it do?
Now she can be our queen.
Happy, bc?
Luisa, hear the pleas of your humble servants!
That doesn't make sense.
We're not mortals, bc, and she is.
But he's a good editor.
Not pb.
That's just unacceptable.
He looks so freaky.
And he's a sycophant, which can't be forgiven.
I'm still waiting for someone who I thought was a friend to apologize to me, lb.
I know what it's like 
It's bc, for sure, but for something much worse than that.
He manipulated me when I was drunk, tricking me into doing something I shouldn't have 
Yes, actually!
Enjoyed it.
That's an interesting way to put it.
Manages to miss the real crux of the issue, sure, but bc's perspectives always do.
bc, I didn't enjoy it.
I appreciated some of the bits that it brought, but I didn't enjoy the act of being used 
No, I think not.
Yeah, what's that?
Never trust a Scotsman?
It wouldn't be a problem if I weren't surrounded by wolves.
Interesting slip.
We'll ignore that for now.
If soberqpt wanted it to happen, why didn't soberqpt do it?
You could've just given soberqpt the idea.
The opportunity?
What in blazes are you talking about?
lb, I'll be frank with you.
I have carefully conditioned myself, and if I ever see bc, I will kill him in a heatbeat, without even thinking about it consciously.
And I will go to my grave believing that I did the world a great favor.
I will know that I was mankind's savior, even if no one else ever does.
Could be.
What of it?
I would save them from stagnation.
I would cast them into the stars!
Mankind will soon have dwelt too long on this earth.
It will become dirty, overcrowded, and oppressive.
He will need to be set free of this little rock.
No, I don't want everyone dead.
Far from it!
To find God.
Of course it will suck.
The next step in a great pilgrimage always sucks.
That's the point, bc.
Everyone would rather live on earth, so mankind's fate is tied to this silly rock.
I will sever the bond!
Enough of that, though.
Apologize
You didn't do it once.
Time index?
It was no doubt lost in all the insincere rhetoric.
I must've.
Now, time index?
Convenient.
Maybe not at all?
I think I would've noticed.
I just read the buffer.
There was no apology!
Time index, luisa?
I'm quick.
Damn you, zikzak.
Your stupid gin got me in a huge amount of trouble, then it made me incredibly ill.
I'll say.
I guess I can't damn you, if you told me.
Sorry.
Does the whole frickin' channel have to know about everything I do?
You smoke and smoke and smoke.
It's not good for you.
I've never smoked anything at all.
Is it pleasant?
Maybe I should take up smoking.
I would hardly know how to start, though.
Oh, I'm no masochist.
That's cigarette smoking, Captain_Tenille, just so we're clear.
I could stand on a dark streetcorner in the rain, wearing a long coat and a hat, scowling, with a cigarette in my mouth.
That would be great.
Hence the hat.
What would drip?
What about water?
Well, what?
I started before you, zikzak 
I can't stay mad at gin.
I realize that all alcohol should affect me exactly the same, but gin seems to make me extra happy.
And this gin of zikzak's makes me ecstatic, almost.
Does it do the same thing to you?
I just want to giggle and giggle
How many have you smoked today?
Say anyway.
You've forced enough embarrasment on the rest of us 
At least me.
A romance?
I think he's reading a trade paperback romance.
Right.
I've never read either.
But your excuse is that you've read absolutely everything.
I really like the Russians.
Dostoyevsky is my favorite.
Unfortunately, boy scout manuals now have to include instructions on how to avoid buggery, since they now let fags be leaders.
Don't they?
Wasn't there a court case?
I thought the buggers won.
Was anyone here a scout?
I don't know how far that is.
I wasn't ever involved.
Well, I suppose we can forgive you, then.
Be prepared, they say.
For what?
For communist infiltration!
That was always really the message.
The focuse has turned to Islam in recent years, of course.
How old?
Yeah, that's a bit much.
Law enforcement are a bunch of dumb fucks, though.
I hope nothing ghastly happened.
Was the fat kid that nobody liked snagged and raped?
Ah well, it happens.
At least you were alone.
When you're an eight year old boy, the worst that county has to offer isn't in solitary, I'd guess.
But you didn't know that then.
bc would just say they were asking for it.
Wouldn't you, bc?
oh, well, it sounded like the sort of thing you'd say.
Violate?
Ecstaticize.
Although, that renders me guilting of the grave crime of verbing.
The fact that everything isn't already a verb is shameful in my mind, anyway.
need more gin
Don't 'cos you won't or can't?
Mauling is so violent, though.
I would hate to be mauled.
I will share my fantasy, if anyone is interested.
Well, I have sexual fantasies and just general fantasies.
I also have culinary fantasies, horticultural fantasies, and a myriad of other types of fantasies.
I'm pretty drunk, luisa, actually.
Getting moreso by the minute.
I've forgotten what I'm telling.
You're thinking of someone else.
As for luisa, I was sure I had a sexual fantasy, but I can't really put it together.
It must be there, doubtless, but I don't really know what it is.
Vegetables?
Fine to eat, sure, but for sex?
I think I'll take women, as disgusting as they are.
That doesn't make any sense.
Cauliflowers could not be less sexual.
oh, i have a luisa fantasy
but i daren't share
witha  period that time
porky's only went through iii
i know a great deal
for sure.
i don't know how high that one went
luisa, i can't.
i don't trust everyone here.
anyone here?
i don't think i know who mr.
winslow is.
closures are altogether different
do you know what a closure is?
You remember that?
cyn, that's positively vile
cyndrekit, I suggest that you start acting like the chaste, sober girl that you are.
sok, bubs
Pause, cyndrekit, and consider.
Do you want a war?
we should stop, cyndrekit.
i would hate to force bc to choose between us.
he would choose you, for sure, but it would break his heart.
does she love him now?
what do you do for money, cyndrekit?
for a company, or is it freelance?
I work 8530, usually, but I have a steady employer.
You have steady employment, luisa.
Do you really think you'll be fired come February?
lech, and I'm not.
Anyway, I drink a lot on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
That's why it works out.
Probably, but I generally don't.
Still, from what you showed me, zikzak, it makes no sense to call me a letch.
that's me
aim always works fantastically for me
maybe you need to treat it better.
How strange.
Use the other password, then?
You only have one password?
Food could fix that, luisa, possibly.
earlier you wished to.
sometimes a little bit of a very rich or spicy food will cure that, luisa.
who killed dragons?
bc is an abject coward, by his own admission
the effort might make you hungry, luisa.
RobotSlave, you missed a good topic.
vim is a text editor for unix.
i use unix daily, zikzak.
twice daily, even, or more!
Have you felt it inside you in your dreams, zikzak?
Rasputin still lives, no?
At least for you.
don't make it.
you'll only regret it.
luisa is only trying to trip you up.
It's made you dumber.
RobotSlave, I thought you would enjoy this.
It used to be the topic, until some jerk changed it <luisa|||> damn, it is too late to go to the gay club
the 1982 refers to the year.
welcome
or a multiyear blend where the years average to 1982
the less scrupulous sellers do
or a multiyear averageaged tawny
it's hard to say
her naked crotch is what most of call her gash, zikzak
You watched this often?
Yeah, that works.
It's probably gross food.
A mess of carrots and beef.
haha, stop
i'm sure it will all stay down
right on!
RobotSlave, i'm inclined to follow you religiously regarding this
whoever you say is a gay male i will die believing is a gay male
I didn't suggest it first!
Interested, or repulsed by?
That's the question.
Fundamentally, luisa, it's the fact that you're male and like men that makes you a gay man.
The rest is just evidence.
RobotSlave, I corrected you.
That you're my prophet makes me feel guilty 
zikzak!
You clearly only want to, well, wank.
Clearly?
Have you observed his wakery?
wankery
I think it's absurd that I corrected my spelling of a madeup word.
It's not a word anyway!
I couldn't?
How long to I have to try?
Given my whole lifetime, you don't think I'll be able to make an ape wheedle for nude photographs on IRC?
Well, it's not bloody worth it.
A lifetime is a long time.
Fine, you win, RobotSlave.
I'm rather a fan of cheese.
Moone cheese would agree with me, I suspect.
Where can some be had?
Bleeding fuck, it's late.
When did that happen?
I don't like risk.
I like a sure thing!
The picture doesn't look vaginal to me.
Because of the porn ad?
Thin ice, bc.
Thin ice.
Thin ice, RobotSlave.
Thin ice.
Be more specific.
I'm just hangin' out, you know?
It's half past four for you too.
Perhaps I am too.
The truth of the matter is this, RobotSlave.
There is no sandwich and you're mad.
I must've been missing when we did.
No, I think I'm having the same sort of nervous breakdown you are.
No, no sandwiches.
That's just your madness.
Don't confuse that with your breakdown.
Well, I have something else glowering at me.
Well, RobotSlave, it's hard to say.
Well, it's hard to say in the sense that I don't want to, not that I couldn't easily enough if I did.
Follow?
Follow mine instead.
Thus is thine mandate.
thy, actually.
But what does it matter.
Alliteration over correctness, I say.
I love you both so much.
If it's soft porn, why does it make you so very, very hard?
yes, but what are you going to do.
i'm a sandwich
i'll come too
i'm there
where, btw
oh fuck u
raw egg?
raw ham, too?
That sounds barbaric.
I don't, thankfully.
What's a Monte Cristo?
I don't know, no.
That's why I frickin' asked.
You don't know either, bc.
God bless google, eh, bc?
When are we getting breakfast, RobotSlave.
She's actually quite fat.
She's an amalgam of different races, bc, but they sum up to big fat ass.
Sadly.
Is Vlad's wife Asian?
I'm tempted to deny that she's even human.
I'd like to just say that she's a bear!
There, Vlad married a bear.
Wacky, wacky Vlad, but there's nothing to be done.
Where's Slovakia, bc?
RobotSlave, I'd hit it.
The fat asians?
They were probably eating babies, BED, and had to be confined.
I'm not horrid.
I try to be honest.
Maybe BED should try it.
A ball gag would keep her from gorging herself on love.
And it's making your ass a bit too round, girl.
Actually, yes.
I have a diagram right here.
Your ass fatness has been trending upward since '01.
I can show you the numbers.
Women are rarely interested in the numbers, or any other sort of fact.
The answer to that is either very, very simple or infinitely complex.
Which do you want, BED.
I think that's enough, bc.
Great, but we don't want to hear more about you.
Thus, it's enough.
What is my nature?
Nice and vague.
Well, some day I'll be sure to give some girl a chance.
Thanks for the tip.
Start what?
There's no suitable girl, currently.
There doesn't seem to be anyone I like talking to and spending time with, bc.
Not a girl, anyway.
Let's.
You're bad at the game?
Or do you want something less obvious?
Hello, bc.
What's convenient about that?
Elaborate?
See, luisa|, you foolishly stay up all night, so of course you sleep all day.
It stands to reason.
You need to LISTEN.
YES YOU DO OR YOU'RE JUST GOING TO KEEP DOING THIS NONSENSE DAY AFTER DAY
YOU NEED TO GET IN YOUR DAMN BED AT A REASONABLE HOUR
10PM SAY
YOU NEED TO GET OFF THE DRUGS
They're killing you 
To a point, perhaps.
But the fact that you've been crashing so hard lately indicates that it has its limits.
You have no appetite because your erratic sleep schedule has fouled up your brain chemistry.
You've basically given yourself depression.
To depressed.
We'll see.
You tend to get distracted by silly things.
Maybe I don't want to be.
Why would I want to check out his site.
Have I ever given any indication of wanting to have sex with a plush toy?
Perhaps?
Well, have I shown any indication or not?
If so, what?
If you're just slandering me, yet again, please stop.
Let's hear your chain of reasoning.
How could it ever be wrong?
You've never used it.
You prefer to just blather.
elby seems to be the one who can't stop looking at it.
You looked at them all?
I didn't express any particular disgust of plushies.
And there's that new Federal law that one has to read everything one finds on messageboards.
Bummer, that.
I tend to agree.
Stuff like the other stuff.
The thing, you know.
I SEND YOU THIS EMAIL IN ORDER TO HAVE YOUR ADVICE
Email viruses are great fun, until I start getting dozens of virusgenerated mails a day.
Did you just say something that had nothing at all to do with women?
Likely!
Question, bc.
Does your client not support nickname completion, or do you think it's sacrilegious to call a chubby little Mexican pervert Messiah?
That's just what I heard, and I believe what I hear.
Someone tell me something.
Yeah, everyone calls luisa fat too.
Actually, I guess I'm the only one who does, but I tend to think of myself as everyone.
It does!
Thanks for sharing?
Oh, right.
Anyway, the fat jokes are just jokes.
I'm sure you're all lithe, svelt little foxes!
However, luisa reall is a man.
I believe that.
really
You damn well are.
Than jennifer lopez is a man or than you are jennifer lopez?
I don't know anything about Mr.
Lopez, but I do know you're a man.
I wish you'd stop pretending otherwise.
It makes some of us ashamed of our gender.
What's wrong with being a man?
bc, tell me it's OK 
But you're a guy!
Genderless Neanderthal?
Your mind is riddled with uniquely male diseases.
Can't really say without making you angry, but you know.
Why do you think the women in here can't resist you, bc?
Some of the men even can't, you're so masculine!
Just look at the topic.
Note, an actual woman, being a submissive and demure creature, would've said if i could get paid to have bc fuck me.
The topic is phrased in a very masculine way.
They don't have to think about it.
The attitude comes naturally.
Heaven forbid that they display sexual aggressiveness!
And it has!
It's in the Bible, love.
But not in bed.
Only in the kitchen.
I think so too, bc.
Fill your lungs with warm, comforting, lifegiving smoke, my friend.
I'm going to go get a gyro, but first I have to get ready.
ta for now.
I could use a pizza.
Hook me up, elby!
5 is the latest version of Bind.
Is that why?
No, you're thinking of a different product.
Yes, it is.
It so is.
I'm a Bind developer.
I think I'd know.
I'm not confused, and 8.
5 isn't being supported anymore.
Go out and do what, luisa?
Likely, bc.
Well, that sounds reasonable enough.
Don't be out too late, and drink plenty of water.
You should buy me a frickin' pizza, elby.
That'll fix things.
He's 17.
You thought wrong, apparently.
I think we scared him off.
bc, stop attacking her!
I'm not jumpy.
I just don't like to see you interrogating people.
It's brutal.
As kitten.
You mean.
You don't understand how hurtful you can be, and luisa doesn't stand up for herself well enough.
I'm treating her like nothing of the sort!
I'm just encouraging you not to verbally brutalize her.
I don't treat you like nothing 
Could you make that any more convoluted?
I can't even tell what you're saying, let alone if it's true.
Well, there you have it.
I don't like her.
Also, I've hardly treated her like a pure, virginal creature.
eh, what would you know about it, bc?
You don't have anything.
That's really something, when even bc doesn't have enough to put together some cockamamie justification.
Suddenly?
I've always defended people from you.
I've defended all sorts of people from you.
Oh enough!
I'm tired of your backhand remarks, unsubstantiated insinuations, and general troublemaking!
lo, folks!
What that.
I come back and you immediately leave, cyn?
Well, huh.
Don't come back!
Take it to #k5, nerd.
Don't question your sanity again 
No more sandwich nonsense!
Anyway, I have bacon, eggs, and orange juice.
Why, luisa?
Poor thing.
Why haven't you gone to buy eggs yet?
hehe, why?
RobotSlave, come on.
She might have a point about the ethical status of egg farms.
More tenuous than any other moral position?
I think that's perfectly reasonable, luisa, and RobotSlave is just harassing you, like he always does.
Really, RobotSlave, what's your problem?
RobotSlave, I'm not sure what that means.
I'm just get tired of your constant, vicious hounding of poor luisa.
getting
Well, hound some other people now and then.
It's starting to seem like you have a personal grudge against luisa.
I considered that, elby, but RobotSlave is an adult.
I'm sure he wouldn't harass luisa simply because he likes her.
Do you like her, then?
Well, I don't think there's any point in making an issue over that.
Yes, luisa is a man.
However, she presentes herself as a female, so it's only polite to refer to her as such.
Without the scare quotes!
You act like you were raised by wolves sometimes.
No tact or grace whatsoever.
Yes, any civilized man should know, which is why I suspect your rearing.
I hardly think a casual conversation with a young woman is a situation inappropriate for such niceities.
Investigation?
You already decided what you would find before you started looking.
What exactly do you want to know?
Has she?
I am indifferent to her, but I like goading RobotSlave on.
Affected affection, perhaps.
Well, ubu, why are you fond of her?
Maybe RobotSlave, elby, and co.
feel the same way.
That's an absurd reason to be fond of someone!
You're a big man, ubu.
A fight, as usual.
No, just more of the usual.
Then stay in.
luisa, this breaks my heart, but your nick is really frickin' annoying
Oh, thank goodness.
Put eggs on your Amazon wishlist and I'll buy some for you.
Well, I can't hardly buy you eggs otherwise, silly girl.
A coat might work better.
I don't think she's going to put lard on.
Greased pig!
Makes her smell funny.
You should buy some.
It's good for your skin.
I don't think you should be boozing it up, though
But mostly failing.
Frozen pizza is gross.
They're attracted to the bad teeth.
Are your teeth bad?
That's a shame.
Bad teeth is all the rage.
Stop being so vain.
Artificially enhanced breasts, you mean.
Your teeth sound disgusting.
Stop everyone.
I RETURN
Comparing prices is boring.
Just go buy something.
It's boring for us.
You really should get a bed.
Every American ought to have a bed.
Get the CD player.
If you starve to death, at least you can still listen to music.
Because, luisa, you were drinking to try to dispell your depression, which you brought on by not sleeping regularly and sufficiently.
Try to tell me I'm wrong.
You were sleeping, yeah, because alcohol will assure that.
An alcohol induced coma is not healthy, though.
I don't drink, bc.
I told you that you wouldn't manage to do it today.
set yourself on fire.
Run a tubfull of hot water and go lay in it.
Oh, you don't want to move at all?
Then freeze to death, you lazy fuck.
luisa, surely you have some food in the house.
Finally.
I think I'll have some more bacon and orange juice.
You're always bored, sir.
How did your job work out?
lb, I thought there was a job you were interested in?
I hope it pulls together.
Then we can all go drinking and complain about work!
Does he still?
My ears are burning.
Groundless accusations, all of them.
Who have I used to what end?
I've asked you that again and again, but never gotten a good answer.
You hurt her the worst, by her own admission.
No, MessiahWWKD, bc is responsible.
He tricked her into handing over her account then posted such horrible stuff with it that she never wanted to come back.
That's exactly what happened.
Do you deny using Jin's account?
Let me rephrase.
Did you ever post to K5 using the account Jin Wicked?
I could spend a half hour digging in my logs for the evidence, but you'd just accuse me of faking them.
Jin would also confirm, if asked.
And rusty.
I didn't take anything from you.
I may have received a few things you pushed off onto me.
An IRC account's password, bc.
What darkness have you ever seen from me?
I'm not really sure, bc.
You gave me an account number and a password and told me to talk to Jin.
I don't know, bc.
Was that your ICQ account?
I was just blindly led about, only told enough information to complete my next task.
As I recall, bc, it took some convincing before I decided to do it.
I was apprehensive, but you were very insistent.
One minor detail.
You hijacked her K5 account before you forced your ICQ account onto me.
You have the chronology mixed up.
luisa 
MessiahWWKD, she was seduced by bc's charms.
luisa would give bc her password if he asked for it.
You'd give your password over if Willow asked for it.
Stop, I'm a decent fellow 
luisa, be my ally, plz?
bc and lb are picking on me.
Admit what?
I'll confess to be guilty of far less than even that minute fraction of your crimes of which I am aware, bc.
No, because it didn't happen.
You wanted me to take your ICQ account, insisted that I take it, in fact.
And Jin's K5 account had already been long compromised.
I'll burn in hell for telling the truth?
bc, luisa.
He convinced her to give it up so he could troll as Jin Wicked.
It makes perfect sense.
It makes more sense than me taking it.
You like impersonating women online and trolling?
You can't deny that.
That's been blown way out of proportion.
I made a few remarks, then everyone else went nuts with it.
The motive doesn't make sense.
I've never stolen anyone's account, so there's no prior conduct.
She didn't like me, didn't talk to me.
There's no way I could've taken it.
Your case is weak, bc.
Very, very weak.
You've amply demonstrated your willingness to grossly distort the truth to serve your ends, and I see no reason to continue this conversation.
The facts of the situation absolve me, but you seem to want nothing less than actually engage the facts.
So enough.
No evidence, just your lies, bc.
You probably forgot your account password, so you could change it, but could still log in due to the cookie.
What is it?
I thought there was an actual flag.
That would've been nifty.
And what exactly did you mean by that, lb?
That's sickening.
Some MSN girl?
Becoming overly involved with an Internet girl is a real sign of weakness, I think.
bc, Internet grils are nuts.
lb will back me up.
Is insanity desirable?
Of course you don't.
What do you want?
MessiahWWKD wants romance, for sure.
Maybe he's not the one to ask where the best girls are.
His idea of best might differ from yours.
I've used MSN chat, MessiahWWKD.
It looked like #teenchat, only much, much more stupid.
luisa, why would you care if I thought you were a better girl?
You convinced me, lb.
I often need to put up my best fight before I am thoroughly convinced of a position.
Well, look at this channel.
perdida is mad.
me0w is perverse.
cyn is the thirteen year old daughter of a 18th century aristocrat.
See, they tend to just be funky.
I was obviously speaking metaphorically, you dumb fuck, since she couldn't possibly be the daughter of an 18th century anything.
Does cyn have a boyfriend?
I'm sorry, bc 
Nae luck, ol' bean.
Take heart in that, luisa.
Seriousy, luisa, you do fairly frequently remind me of Jin \
How about this.
We'll make a code phrase that I'll say when you remind me of Jin, so you can be alerted.
The code phrase can be HOLY FUCK YOU SOUND LIKE JIN
So whenever I say that, we'll know what I mean.
When he's not being cute, bc, lb can be quite insightful.
Really, though, you need to worry less about the boyfriend situation.
bc doesn't have a girlfriend, and he gets on fine.
Doncha, buddy?
Did you miss my question, bc?
I asked if you got on fine with no gilrfriend.
The implication being that luisa| should get on fine with no boyfriend.
How is it different?
Assuming that's true, and I know what that means, why is it important?
Well, that's absurd.
Live in the world!
Enjoy every little bright, beautiful, crummy bit of it!
Oh stop!
This channel does not need yet another guy hitting on luisa.
Why would I be stressed if someone did want you?
You're not making any sense.
I wouldn't, lb.
I'm interested too.
Let's hear it.
Do you know where she can find a real man, ubu?
Excellent.
You're a true friend to our minority sisters and brothers, ubu.
You never heard of a fat cat?
No, I'll tell you the savage truth.
If you would just frickin' eat something, you wouldn't be hungry.
That's the same picture, MessiahWWKD.
That thing is horrible, lb.
That's food!
Funny how she sounds so much like a gay man, then, ubu.
In the only pictures of you I've seen, you're standing, hiding your penis between your legs, and trying to make it look like you have breasts.
I was told it was!
lb, hush.
You're going to send ubu on one of his jealous rampages.
You swear too much.
It's making this fantasy difficult to maintain.
Who can't afford $15/month?
I'm not feeling very enthusiastic about getting up and going to work tomorrow.
I don't have enough savings.
Maybe I'll marry cyndrekit and have her support me.
I could spell things for you.
I did not either.
Stop slandering ,e.
That was a typo, not a spelling error.
If lb won't, I will.
Rumor has it, cyndrekit, that you're bearing bc's child.
bc did kind of carry on about it for a while.
Like nobody has ever.
done that sort of thing.
Is it slandering to accuse you of having made sweet, tender love to cyndrekit?
Slander is usually negative.
I think it has to be.
Well, that's a whole different rumor!
Rumor has it you made her dress up in cashmere.
hush, lb.
bc may be a liar, a cheat, and a scoundrel of the first water, but he's a pansy, too.
Doesn't have the stomach for messy and brutal.
No, no you didn't.
cyndrekit?
It's all so obvious in hinddight.
hindsight
I think Def Leppard's Women is the best song ever.
Park your candy right in that chair, girl.
You're not going anywhere.
Because I haven't given you permission.
Well, OK.
Run along.
I always wanted to tell cyn to park her candy.
Now there's a song.
They're not worth knowing.
My intuition about this sort of thing is reliable, though.
You're welcome to find out for yourself.
Hello, bc.
I can't complain.
What's up?
Rarely is.
bc, what was that?
You people are pathetic infants.
If you get cold, put on a sweater.
If you get hungry, have a glass of water.
I mean thirsty P
If you get hungry, have food.
Half of this channel's talk seems to be about people's basic needs,.
the sort of thing they were suppose to learn to fulfill for themselves when they were eight.
You're still a pathetic wench.
You inspire pity.
Not to the same degree.
A cop out of what?
Or from what.
Less cruel, but sometimes less honest.
Hardly.
Pity isn't so accusatory and condemning.
Why can they do nothing about it?
When I pity someone, I just feel a vague sadness toward them.
A feeling as though something is lost or missing.
Does it require much energy?
Then I'm weak.
Whatever.
I suppose so, bc.
I would do something for you if I could, luisa.
But you don't want that, and there's nothing to be done.
So, why not pity?
I can discipline my emotions, bc, but to utterly kill them?
That would render me inhuman.
Why do you insist that?
You're not nothing to me, nor to bc I suspect.
If you were nothing, I'd feel indifference, of course.
That seems obvious.
Why can't you accept being more than nothing?
Or less than nothing, maybe.
Not nothing, though.
That's between you and whatever god you believe in, but I think I'm entitled to feel as I do.
I wouldn't think so either, bc.
You don't feel selfpity?
It often seems like it.
Well, I'm standing over here, yes, but that's what it looks like to me.
I don't feel cruel and evil, but neither to hate you or feel indifference toward you.
I'm not sure what to make of that.
I agree, bc.
How is caring different?
What if nothing is to be done?
Then let's step away from abstract examples of starving children.
What can I do for you?
See, like I said, there's nothing to be done.
Some feeling, some sentiment must drive the action, bc, and even if the action is impossible, that sentiment would remain.
That's what I'm calling pity.
I don't bother pitying.
I just do it.
I look at you, I hear about you, and I feel a certain way.
Well, I don't want you to hate me, but you're putting me in a difficult position.
Well, I suppose such control is admirable, if somewhat inhuman.
Makes one wonder why you needed to develop it at all.
So you keep telling me.
I'm not sure I subscribe to your notions of what constitutes strength.
Why is he sympathy false?
I really am sympathetic!
We've already agreed that there can be no action.
Quite the contrary, it is you who do not wish any action.
As you've said repeatedly.
It's not a big deal.
I probably shouldn't have brought it up.
I feel bad for you, that's all.
You seem to be having a rough time of it.
That's not what you've indicated time and again recently.
Pity isn't about culpability.
It's a simple sympathy for another's pain and hardship.
You can't deny that you're free of either.
What use is any other feeling?
Maybe.
I suppose I can see what you're saying, but when I see something tiny, alone, broken, and scared, I just can't help what I feel!
Well, I see what I see.
Because I see a poor, lame bird singing a remorseful song?
If you say so.
I suppose only you really know what your situation is, although even that's doubtful.
One can often mislead onself regarding the quality of one's life.
There are psychological terms for it, but I don't know what they are.
You probably do.
Are you useful, luisa?
But are you?
Well, then I suppose you've earned your right to exist.
I still maintain that pity is a valuable motivation, though.
It motivates one to action.
Sometimes, though, one doesn't know what to do, so it's impossible to be so motivated.
The pity, though, is still natural.
I disagree, luisa.
I think that pity motivates me to act.
The pity I feel for others.
I don't know how.
It's not a bother!
You keep saying that.
It just happens.
Pity isn't something one decides to feel.
It's a spontaneous upswelling of sympathy for someone who seems badlyoff.
Not for a robot, bc.
luisa, you've degenerated into nonsense.
Without emotions, actions don't have any meaning.
Without emotions, it's impossible to evaluate the relative merit of competing schemes of utility.
This conversation has gotten a little abstract.
It just sarted with me expressing my heartfelt sympathy for luisa's pain and troubles.
That's not to say I think about them a great deal; I don't.
It's not a great bother to me, or a distraction.
But now and then, I feel badly for her.
Now I'm told I'm deserving of hatred!
You're not a hateful creature at all.
You're just a poor little girl, really.
Oh come, you're a girl, you're little, and you're poor.
I think the description stands.
Did I say anything about despising someone?
I can't recall that.
No, you're no lesser than anyone else, you're just worse off.
Don't confuse your own worth with the accidents of your circumstances.
Well, I think that's laying it on a bit strong.
You're a valuable person, like any other, I'm sure.
I'm not condescending in the least!
I've been through hard times myself.
I can relate.
I can empathize, as it were.
Although that seems a strange choice of terms.
I can see your point.
Like a begger throwing alms back.
I think one should always be grateful for the efforts of another, and luisa certainly seems to think that pity is an effort that must be bothered with.
Especially when the efforts are born of the best of intentions.
I hesitate to speculate regarding these chickenandegg questions, but your is an interesting perspective.
Damnation.
bc> I want to see some bloody cunts.
qpt> Why not google for it?
bc> Good idea.
From the other day ^
I've played diplomacy once.
It was pretty fun.
risk is long, though.
I think we played diplomacy for five hours or something and weren't that close to an end.
In diplomacy, there are no chances at all, except during initial setup.
We should play chess, visualizing the board in our heads, and just calling out the moves.
e4 is empty to start with, freak.
You were trying to cheat!
Forget you.
nighty nighty!
Hello, folks.
That sounds right.
But MessiahWWKD, all you need is love.
Love, love.
I have.
It's a lot like swordfish, as I recall, only not so heavy.
That's kind of what I meant to say.
Delicate is a better word for it than light, though.
I'm exhausted.
A stew is a good idea.
It's not posh 
I don't have a desk, though.
I've only pick and my trusty helmet to get me through the day.
heighho, heighho!
That would be quite a trick.
Surely she'd have to lay sleepily with you for at least a few minutes.
Worse.
She'll want to use you as a pillow.
Sneaky, I know, but when a girl says sleep with you, it almost always involves some touching.
I learned that the hard way.
Possibly.
Wearing a crucifix will reduce the chances, though.
The crucifix is to help you resist temptation.
It's not gay unless you enjoy it.
Whatever temptation you might choose to inflict on him, luisa|.
Sexism isn't appropriate, cyndrekit.
I have a pork chop, peas, and toast.
It's thick toast made out of good bread under a broiler.
You shouldn't, little bird.
No, I don't generally drink during the week.
Yes, you should.
Computers.
They're designed by computers and they're full of computers.
How could they not suck?
Which features would you be willing to give up?
Could you live without computercontrolled fuel injection?
Computerized heated seats?
You are a wild man.
Fight the power, brutha.
A plastic spoon would be safer.
As you like.
I watched a few episodes of CSI and it was OK.
Never saw the spinoff, though.
First_Incision, shows about rape kits sitting on shelves for years aren't as appealing to the average viewer.
TV should never be realistic, but rather idealistic.
Reality as it should be!
I'm not sure I followed that.
Oh, I see.
Had it been a real case, with real police working on it, the detectives just would've shrugged and given up.
Solving crimes are so hard, after all.
Compared to confiscating drug houses, boats, cars, and what not.
If I had a stronger arm, I might become a cop just for that.
Poetry has always struck me as a leftist art form.
It's creepy how alike luisa and I think.
I think I made the crack better, though.
luisa was too blunt and enthusiastic at the same time.
Leftists are often stylish, too.
In dress and manner.
You're soon to be a white medical professional.
It's a given that you'll lean left, but you needn't.
You'll live a life of privilige!
luisa's under the impression that the average girl lusts after as many guys as she does, and as intensely.
Of course that's nonsense, but she's too myopic to notice.
I think it's movie time.
Can't say.
That would open me up to all sorts of amateur psychoanalysis.
I'm afraid of nothing at all.
Let's see what you've got, Freud.
That doesn't really hold water.
Have I ever done anything in here that merited approval?
We've been over this.
It only rains and fogs in Scotland.
Hello!
Yes, yes it is.
How is my dear friend ej?
No, sorry.
It's Monday.
Be reasonable.
OK, let's see some entertainment.
Darn, I hoped God had some redhot deals.
bc, you're a bastard.
Cite, cite, cite!
Plenty of large gay guys.
Do you then hand it to someone else, shoeboy?
I was once sat on by a fattie.
Thankfully, the person in question was only a tiny infant.
Fat little infants are adorable.
No, I don't get high.
I only use caffeine and alcohol.
It's someone who loops, ej.
That seemed obvious to me.
Yeah, that's bc.
Frickin' druggie.
It's not tobacco that he's smoking all the time, I'll tell you that much.
Too afraid of sweaters and greek markets to go buy cola?
That sounds positively pathetic.
It's kind of fun being able to say that with impunity.
Do you have constantly dry and cracked lips?
I've noticed that ever since I got serious about alcoholism.
I use a lot of blistex.
No, but I can sort of imagine.
Tragic.
You're disfigured, I'd imagine.
I do get dry lips!
I just told you I did.
Just spray 'em with Lysol once daily and there's basically no chance of that, zik.
That makes sense.
Does it actually work?
I'd think it'd be best done by hand, zikzak.
What's a good way?
The walls here are soft.
I shouldn't have said that.
No, it's in the public area.
Well, the common area.
It's not open to the public.
Well, my parents, you know.
I think they felt guilty, since I shouldn't actually be here at all, you understand.
I don't know what you mean by that.
No, no, nothing like that.
My parents are just overly trustful of the medical community, you see.
They don't understand that doctors make mistakes, indeed that sometimes they're paid to make mistakes.
What an absurd notion.
Sex is verboten around here.
Too disruptive, they say.
They smoke, mostly, it seems.
We're not allowed to, though.
All kinds of stupid rules, really.
We only get thirty minute turns on the computer, of example.
Gah, enough of the psychobabble.
I hear quite enough of it.
Actually, most of the other guests give me their turns.
Isn't that nice of them?
I need to remember to get a haircut this weekend.
You didn't really think they could still be there, though.
Yes, so you would've thought.
Just ask next time.
Maybe, but no song sounds good when bc babbles it in channel.
I'm sorry, that wasn't nice 
I'm just feeling testy.
No, do go ahead.
Please, do.
You're right; you should've refrained.
Scandinavia is socialist.
I think I agree with zikzak, but fuck him.
I'm still testy.
The Finnish people once ruled a stretch of land that extended all the way from modern Finland to Thailand.
This is true.
The Vikings weren't from Finland.
Gee, do you even know where Finland is?
Sure, buddy.
You probably stole it.
Fucking Jew.
I'm bored.
I hate that song!
I'll tell you why, but you'll want to analyze it.
Her voice irritates the heck out of me.
Recordings of femalespoken monologues always annoy me, though.
If a woman says more than about thirty words without pause, I start to get angry.
Nice work, bc.
I think you need to get blasted.
Because I have an unpopular opinion?
I'm not the one usually making bones in here, if you catch my drift.
Insinuation is in the ear of the pervert.
That was more of an implication.
IE is friendly, but incompetent.
Nerd alert.
You should have an icon.
There's an icon for most everything these days.
Real computing like borrowing music.
Ten minutes of suck.
No, it would be better if it were.
It's just a really frickin' lame monologue over some goofy techno beepy crap.
It's not worth twenty seconds of your time, let alone ten minutes.
It is teh suck.
Cheer me up, then.
That's not going to cheer me up.
Then why this malfunction?
Why do I feel so very blue?
Oh hush up!
You're not helping anything.
Next he's going to notice that he's been pullin' it that whole time.
Surprise!
Unlikely.
Why would I feel guilty?
God hates fags and so do I.
They make up for it by being hot.
They were all hot, I think you mean.
Every one of them.
Go people!
Woo hoo!
You're lucky if silence is all you hear, zikzak.
I have a question for a friend.
Do any of you know how to dial an American number when in Scotland?
I just said a friend!
Could've been anyone.
elby is my friend.
Anyway, I use friend in a very cynical sense, habitually, zikzak.
If you want to make an international call from the UK, you should dial 00 followed by the country code and then the number you wish to call.
You want 00011XXXXXXXXXX
I used X's, zikzak, because that's the sort of call it will be.
You know.
Our country code is 1?
GO USA
Someone told me 011 and I foolishly believed them.
I think it was you, elby.
Where's the  key, exactly?
bc has apparently chickened out of calling, but is trying to convince me that he did nonetheless.
However, he flubbed early on by using a shifted character.
Are we to believe he lives in a call center?
There aren't 998 countries.
There aren't even 200.
It's still up there, providing us with high quality voice, data, and television!
Speaking of which, what do you think of voice over IP?
Facinating.
Tell me more.
Only a Northern Song is fun.
Facinating.
Tell me more.
I'm not, elby \
Some people argue that breasts are never gratuitous, since they are there own justification.
I disagree, but thought you should know that some people think thatl
Well, OK, but stay away from hussies.
Best movie ever.
I love breasts!
Women can be a pain \
He did.
But doesn't want to talk about it, so don't ask.
My phone rings very modestly.
Just a soft electronic bebebebeb
Mine vibrates hard enough to break a horse's hip.
I like it, though!
I only have one phone.
I can't 
I'd like that.
It wouldn't be so bad if it didn't pulsate.
Borrowing.
You're going to give it back when you're done.
It's better guzzled.
You are old!
If you stand inside a moebius strip, time runs in reverse.
ATTENTION, GENTLEMEN
It is time for me to go.
Good nights.
Aren't you going to tell me good nights, anyone?
ty sweetie bug
bc hasn't said anything at all.
Come on!
fuk u newb lol
Hello, folks.
She'll be her mother, soon.
Is this the same esr story that floated around yonks ago?
OK, bc, elby.
Maybe she's a pervert, elby.
Perverts often read filthy stories, I'm told.
Write them, too.
Yeah, I bet you eat lots of protein.
And that's how you were born, luisa|.
Stay away from protein, bc.
What's the matter?
But why?
Really, elby.
You whine about that every evening.
Christ.
I think midnight would be better, if this dangerous rumor I've heard is true.
I suspect she'll whine, ubu, at least for a while.
Be sure to tell the priest that it's only for now.
Hello, folks.
Did #adequacy go home for the evening?
If making stupid in #k5 counts as work, some people in there must really be breaking a sweat P
I wonder if the service is as good as the domain name.
I haven't clicked through.
Why don't you and let us know?
Meet someone for the holidays!
Take the first step!
Romance is only a click away!
Last line reminds me of a Rolling Stones song.
Anyway, you have to like me.
I'm eminently likable.
Ask anyone!
I knew that.
Why spam for a broken web site?
That seems silly.
I also got one for  Lasa Mare Sex Vide
I wonder what a vide is.
Also,  Youung chick.
seex with.
a hors
Spam is better.
This is all going to a hotmail account, anyway.
And again,  Pameel Blowjob
These copyrighted ones are great.
Crazy Fan Throws water on Britney
Exposes her Hudge Tits
I'm smart enough to be a spammer, I think.
In big red letters Jessica Alba from Dark Angel then in tiny blue letters below it Young Fuck Pics
I'd think they'd play up the Fuck Pics, but what do I know?
More mysteriously, a big red Brooke Burke shows off all her
goodies 
followed by a small blue There Yours Here
Oh, they're.
Ooh, this is good, .
Dog the slurps pussy
The unicode is a little 123, if it doesn't come through.
Maybe you need to upgrade, RobotSlave.
Hello, cyndrekilt
I'm feeling testy.
In a minute here, I'm probably going to start verbally abusing you, so you'd best flee.
If so, it's a coincidence.
I don't want to have sex with anyone, so I'm a friend to all.
That not true, any of it.
bc, stop being fowl.
I return!
RobotSlave, I think I'll join you in never laughing again.
Do we get to cry, though?
Can't help but cry?
Stop being a wimp.
Steel yourself, and be a man!
Oh goodness, so much funny.
I just noticed the topic, and I can't say I like the implications, bc.
Why would you be needing that hypermint, bc?
To freshen your mouth?
I've heard things.
Jokes aren't that funny.
There might be one or two.
Hello, folks.
It's true, they do.
That girl is ugly.
If it's elby, I'm sorry.
Unless I'm terribly confused, it's time for some booze.
I didn't even notice!
I was too busy greedily clawing the cap off my booze and guzzling it down.
god fucking damn it
I'll tell you in private.
ploink!
Vlad needs to be banned.
He's been akicked.
Who knows?
Anyway, it looks like people at 10 can't mess with akicks.
em probably set it, then.
cyndrekit, it won't help, unless you can remove the akick.
I told youu.
I don't, and neither do you.
bc can do it, and em probably can too.
Possibly cp and ubu.
If you want to try, though, you can say /msg chanserv akick #adequacy del !
Are you identified with nickserv, First_Incision?
cyndrekit, did it let you remove the akick?
Weird.
It wouldn't let me, and we're at the same access level.
For being a spy.
I don't really see what the fuss about spies is, anyway.
I just like kicking Vlad.
It's the sexual tension in the channel, cyndrekit.
It makes people wacky.
I'm not kidding.
adequacy is a tangled mess of rage, frustration, disappointment, and sexual tension.
How can you be engaged in saving and investing?
You're a student.
There's no hot, girlongirl action in the Bible.
There's probably some in the Vulgate.
Frickin' Papists.
That's no excuse.
I only read the RSV.
I don't care either.
I just like fussing.
Yeah, literal.
What a wienie that Young was.
I think so.
Similes, too.
You die.
You hear me?
Almost ready for bed.
More like 7305, yeah.
Yes, but I only work 40 hour weeks.
I alternate 4 and 5 day weeks.
By European standards, maybe.
What's your work week, zikzak?
You're unemployed?
Are you wanting to be employed again?
Not necessarily.
I asked if you wanted to be employed again.
I don't know what I'd do with myself if I didn't have a job.
Hello, folks.
I know there are folks, there, and they better tell me hello, or things are going to get ugly.
My sex life won't change as I age.
That's one of the benefits of my plan.
Karate for the Karatians, if you ask me.
Why in heaven's name would you want to do that?
Stop kicking him.
I'm curious about this.
Why do you want the powers to destroy the world?
There are worse things to want.
I can imagine circumstances in which having the powers to destroy the world could be useful.
What do they do?
Flying in a small airplane is fun, so I can see wanting to do that.
But destroying mountains and cities?
What's wrong with mountains?
Yes, I know what you meant.
I was just relating your fantasy to something real which I enjoy.
shoeboy, please.
People try to kill each other but miss all the time.
No mountains are destroyed, though.
I'm not sure I follow.
Most of the bullets fired have no hit a person, in fact, or any living thing.
The people in the TV show need weapons?
So you'd infiltrate Saddam's palace, fire an energy ball from your hand, miss, and destroy a city?
That's your fantasy?
I'm not condemning, I'm just trying to clarify.
Why do the people on the show?
Oh, so they're not only strong and capable of manually producing energy balls, but they're so tough that it takes an explosion powerful enough to destroy a city to kill them?
You really are sounding like a megalomaniac.
To kill Saddam.
And that would so impress MSN chicks 13, Willow, and Katie that they'd all come over to have sex with you.
I suppose the people on the show aren't short, chubby, Mexicans, either, so that would have to change.
It's hard to keep track of all the women he wants but can't have, shoeboy.
So this show features lesbianism too?
Well, Vegeta is evocative of vagina and Bulma is rather feminine too.
Nobody takes the rule regarding propositions at the end of sentences seriously anymore, so don't worry about it.
It's OK, though, since English sin't a Romance language.
I'm not more than 6% anything.
I won't bother listing.
The sexual tension makes it awkward?
Me, shoeboy?
Absolutely!
Or a cult member, as we call them, shoeboy.
That's lower on the scale than heretic, by the way.
A heretic or an apostate?
Be a Hindu, HailStorm.
Move to Calcutta and worship Kali, HailStorm.
You'll love it.
momocrome, that's a grotesque name 
No, I think you're still just an anallyfixated American.
Sorry.
It's getting cold in here.
I should perhaps close the door.
That doesn't sound fun.
You should have cats instead.
Go out front, take your shirt off, and give the dogs a bath, being sure to look all soapy and sensual.
You're bound to attract someone!
RobotSlave, do you have a daughter?
I thought I'd ask.
A fellow on K5 calls his cat Kitty and has a daughter.
I realize that Kitty is not an unusual name for a cat.
You're still selfabsorbed.
Your loved ones are all random girls off tv and the Internet!
You're insane.
It's not a career.
It's a job.
There's a difference that you'll understand when you're older P
It doesn't sound like fun at all.
I had a kind of rough day at work today.
No, not really.
I just didn't want to be there.
Being an accountant requires accounting.
Think you're up for it?
I spent too much of the day wishing my Perl program would stop trying to free to the wrong pool, whatever the hell that means.
It turns out that some Win32 module cries like a little girl if the thread it's loaded in joins another thread.
They pronounced it stable in 5.
I think I'd like to be a video game analyst.
Being a video game designer could also be fun.
It doesn't work that way.
Work takes up way too much of your time for mere money to be enough.
Unless it's huge amounts.
Huge amounts of money could buy Willow, though.
Then he'd quit.
Perhaps not, but everything is for sale.
Just hope no one buys Willow before you have the chance to.
While it appears I ended a sentence in preposition, I in fact didn't.
Hello!
Rhyming 'm' with 'n' was the downfall of Englishlanguage poetry.
Why in blazes is she going to do that?
Well, fi, she must've given you some story.
Is she posing for art?
shoeboy is right.
Firmly tell her that you're not interested.
You're in a longterm relationship, after all.
Medicine is a harsh mistress, fi.
They're stupid, but so are you.
That pretty much sums it up;
You do, HailStorm, but you're not enough to interest them 
I'm so sorry.
I think my two things are more true.
What's he going to do, fi?
Shoot you in the spine?
Maybe, but they can fix that now, sort of.
Be firm, but considerate.
I'm sorry, but I'm married to the sea.
won't do.
But it's Saturday!
That's next week, right?
I get four days.
Birth, surely.
I think I'm in love.
Well, HailStorm, let's think.
Either you don't know her, so it doesn't matter, or you do, so there's no way I'd tell you.
Of course I feel emotions.
I think I just said I was in love.
That hurts 
My love is only pain, too, because I can never have her.
It's not something ridiculous like HailStorm's desire for Willow, though, mind you.
No, she's not frickin' on TV!
No, the girl I want is from outside TV.
Don't ask if she's on the Internet >
Absolutely.
I suppose what you're not supposed to ask is if I know here solely from the Internet.
When I told you not to ask, I was expecting that you would.
I so would.
I'm getting confused.
What exactly is the question?
Well, you can't see them.
Uh, they're mine?
You don't care about this girl deeply, though.
That's a lie.
I love her.
If you think I'm going to show nude pictures of my true love to some fat, horny, midget Mexican, well, buddy, you're plum crazy.
Whatever.
I don't even look at them.
I just can't bear to rid myself of anything related to her.
I've never actually seen them, to be honest.
I opened one in a very short window, scrolled down enough to see her bare shoulders and upper chest, and concluded what they must be.
I don't want to P
What of it?
They're mine.
I can do anything I want with them, including not look.
Just shut up.
She doesn't want me.
You two have gotten me all sad.
A lot can happen over a few years, HailStorm, and the way people feel for each other can change.
Make her pay for what?
She did the right thing, probably.
I wasn't talking about your stupid girl, stupid fi.
Are you still talking to Jin, HailStorm?
A chance?
Why do you need or want a chance?
She's on a lot, right?
Why the heck not?
If she's online, it must be a good time to be IMed.
It only makes sense.
Yeah, but she's Jin and you're you.
She wants to hear from you.
Why, yes.
She does indeed.
Night.
Let me message her, fi!
Really?
Well, she's somewhat reserved.
She's not like nutty for you, understand, but she does like you.
Right.
Give it up.
An IM name is nothing like nude pictures!
God damn you.
The hell it is.
I just want to say hi.
Damn his eyes.
I want to msg hot stuckup chicks.
I don't really care that much.
Doesn't Jin bore you to death?
Tell the truth.
Go figure.
She used to really bore me back when she msged me a lot.
Never once?
She used to msg me daily.
Often even repeatedly when I ignored her.
It was annoying.
Because I'm savage and cruel.
Haven't you noticed?
It can't have escaped you that bc and I are some of the more scheming, conniving, vicious, and unpleasant people on the Internet.
We were also some of her favorites.
Think about that.
All women want to be so treated.
The only variation is degree.
Women who use the Internet a lot seem to be particularly bad.
They enjoy it.
Some just like a strong male presence.
Some like a little firmness.
Some just crave horrible, humiliating abuse.
Not so much.
Oh man.
I have a feeling you don't know how bad it can get.
luisa is a decent example.
You should pay attention to what she finds appealing.
She really does.
She's a fairly typical girl, though, including the whining!
I already told you.
They want to be pushed around, controlled, and abused.
However, some want it soft and some don't.
Some want to be gently guided, and teasingly tormented.
Others just want unspeakable degradation.
Then there's everything in between.
Right, and that varies from girl to girl.
Haha, you fucking baby.
Hello, bc.
Hello to you too, momocrome.
I've had enough of your nonsense.
Hello, pdidda.
sok, ra.
It just makes you sound drunk.
I wish you were drunk too.
I think you got the wrong idea.
For some, perhaps.
I'm back!
Is bc 'round?
I got a haircut and a gyro.
The gyro was good, as is the haircut, but the hairdresser was perhaps overly flirty.
Yes, she managed to rub her breasts all over my head, her pelvic area spent too much time on my shoulder and upper arm.
Oh, I quite enjoyed it!
bc, I'm tempted to be fussy.
Nobody in here understands your wretched geek humor, shoeboy.
Hello, HailStorm.
If what I'm told is true, the machines of fate continue to grind inexorably onward, promising you inevitable success.
Jin is free of the Canadian?
The grapevine?
It delivers news.
Is it not true, then?
Why don't you just ask her?
I think she still has me on ignore, or I would in a second.
Actually, /msg me some way to msg her.
I deleted her from my list a while ago.
I gave it a try.
Who knows if it will work.
I already had it.
For all she knows.
Hooray!
She answered!
She appears to be single, yes.
I'll try to find out.
She's being really cagey, inexplicably.
Then why don't you listen to it?
She claims it was mutual.
She actually broke it off.
I bet she broke it off for you.
I'll say.
she actually claims to have broken up so she could be with the fat, perverted Mexican midget.
She claims not to have met someone else.
I assume you or one of your cronies has been perusing my LiveJournal.
She doesn't seem to be in a particularly bad mood.
Go for it!
Nonsense, shoeboy.
He's not doing anything dirty.
You should msg Jin, is what you should do.
Capital.
Is the real bc there?
If you like her voice, HailStorm, you should give her a call.
What've you been occupied with, ol' bean?
Is it about what you talked to me regarding earlier?
Then get her number.
There are any number of methods of varying creepiness.
Then you could just tell her that you wanted to call her and ask her for her phone number.
Well, what better way to get to know you?
Is the concern that you sound very Mexican?
As a Texan, I'm sure she's used to it.
Ready for what!
Get good and liquored up.
But liquor allows one to have conversations with strangers without awkward pauses.
I always get liquored up when chatting with Internet chicks, which unfortunately happens more than I really would want.
I still have neither forgiven nor forgotten, bc > 
You have to believe that it is.
Not too hard, mind you.
Not like you'd punch a guy.
Maybe 1/3 as hard.
Is that how you got your woman, shoeboy?
What movies?
And no, that's revolting.
What's Paxil?
Anxiety?
That's not a very manly disorder.
Gah, this is just as tedious as I remember 
Don't forget midget.
You'll be a built, perverted Mexican midget.
Are you engaged yet, HailStorm?
Really.
You've had at least an hour now to work on Jin.
I don't blame you.
She's not distraught, bc.
I think he should give her a phone call, bc, since he enjoys her voice.
He's too pussy, though.
No, but how hard could it be to get?
Maybe not, since he actually wants to talk to her.
I hate you so much for that.
Well, then liquor would help.
But Jin likes to talk about herself.
So just let her, and listen to her sweet, melodic voice.
Right, that's true.
The phone call is just an indulgence on your part.
You like her voice, so have her talk to you!
See how it works?
More generally, if you like it when the woman does something, you have the woman do it.
It's really very simple.
This is pathetic.
Haven't you ever gotten a girl's number?
Speaking of girl's phone numbers, my frickin' weirdo hairdresser was aching to give me her number, but I didn't indulge her.
Probably not, and that's pitiably lame.
You don't think Jin is amenable to a simple request?
That's not a burden!
Ah geeze.
She's lonely, HailStorm.
A friendly Mexican voice might cheer her.
I imagine you as just like Tuco from The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Tuco was the ugly, by the way.
He was just this crazy, psychotic, greedy Mexican chap.
Then you'll be back here, talking to us.
Just like you would be otherwise.
shoeboy is right.
Alternately, if you want to get tricky, I could get the #, then you could pretend to be me.
Come on, that sounds like a lot of fun, HailStorm.
It's no effort.
And you might really, really enjoy it.
If you end up in the middle of nowhere, just turn around and go to the other end of the road.
Then cry like a little girl.
I dunno.
And it's not worth having.
Oh come on, HailStorm.
Try to tell me you don't want to hear that talking to you.
Let's make a deal.
Except you do.
Anyway, jinwicker is a woman.
And what a woman!
hubba hubba
Tell us about your perfect breasts, Jin!
HailStorm seems to find them appealing.
She went to bed, you fool!
You missed your chance!
Covered with sugar?
They stick to one's teeth?
Right you will.
Why not?
I deserve it, you strumpet.
I'm not stalking you freak.
No, you won't.
Is your name actually Janus Shelley?
I was going to comment that it's a rather cool name for a Mexican.
I doubt she does at all.
She doesn't seem that sort.
She didn't message me that much.
Had she heard you?
Clearly, he spoke with her in person at some point, shoeboy.
How could she just know?
Ho ho!
How did she manage that?
Of all the phone numbers in Scotland, she managed to guess yours.
Well, that was lucky.
I generally invite girls to contact me further once I get tired of them.
That's a thought.
While she claims to find Europe appealing, it's really Spain she wants.
I spoke with Jin for months, and she never once mentioned an interest in bc.
She several times complained that he wouldn't leave her alone, though.
But hey, that could mean anything, right?
I thought you had heard her?
Yeah, sure.
I'll just ask her, bc.
What's she going to tell me?
I talked to her this evening.
She appears to have taken me off.
town isn't the last word in a sentence.
Or do they teach that bit differently over there?
I want to talk to Jin also.
Sounds good.
I'm sure.
Make it a really horrible diary about rape and abuse.
momocrome, you can direct your questions to me in private.
Hello, RS.
Captain_Tenille, that's really hard luck that you lost your giz authorship.
Sacrifices must be made, though.
That's the spirit.
No, Vlad pasted pretty much everything.
Hello, HailStorm and fi.
How are things?
Second week of class?
Have you gotten the # yet?
You're an abject coward, rather.
Finding yourself cornered into actually having to take action, you quit.
What prompted this realization?
Maybe she doesn't?
That wasn't rude.
She even said thanks.
It's text!
Text doesn't have tone.
No, it's purely in your interpretation.
Anyway, I thought you liked assertive women.
What's the difference?
She didn't.
You just read it with a sarcastic tone.
But why?
You're just being sexist.
Really.
You're being sexist by assuming that Jin's polite but curt refusal to accept advice constitutes bitchiness, since you wouldn't assume that the very same words spoken by a man were bitchy.
The Blitz is supposed to be quick, but that was absurd.
Anyway, you should've warned Poland.
That would make more sense.
Blitz is short for Blitzkrieg, you absurd fellow.
Shh, FirstIncision.
He was just starting to get confused.
Why don't you demand a better connection?
Demand that you be given a choice.
That could be a good start.
I'll wager he doesn't end up demanding anything from anyone.
Hello.
Not much, really.
We've been under sustained attack by Vlad's armies for the past three hours, but it's really died down.
I'm lying 
It's been quiet.
However, I was ready to deal with any enemy incursion!
Since BC decided to stab me in the back
You bastard.
You betrayed him!
Are you kidding?
It's incredibly hard to get Vlad riled up.
After drinking a bottle of whisky or three?
Is he obese?
I thought he was just kind of fat.
Or The Complete Idiot's Guide to CSS.
What's a blocklevel element?
I don't want to read the HTML specification.
I'd rather you just told me.
What's the difference!
RobotSlave, does the sorry state of HTML/CSS/XML/XHTML/DHTML/DXML et al frustrate you?
Yes, I am.
It won't do any good, but thanks.
I have to suck it up and apologize to cows >
Have you tried Emacs?
It's great.
Says the pot to the kettle P
I daily leverage XMLbased solutions to streamline my business processes.
And that's the truth.
You all need to go join #nerd.
But why, dear friend?
You need some strong medicine.
Might I suggest whisky?
It'll cure what ails ye.
Why not?
Did the charicature in the K5 diary sting?
Admit it, being called an impotent drunk hurt your feelings.
What do you care about those people?
That's a character flaw.
You should stick to your guns, like I do.
You have plenty of people to validate you!
Everyone in here, all ten of us, loves you.
cept zuul, 'cos he's a robot.
You can't be liked by everyone without completely giving up any stable identity.
People's likes are just too varied.
Why is being liked to important?
Can you stop talking like everything is Java?
You're a virtual base class from which I can inherit any sort of object at all?
So you can be a cute girl for me?
Fantastic.
Can you sense what I find cute in a girl?
You're a program.
You're a damn nerd.
You're getting creepy.
Why don't you write yourself a nicknamespelling program there, big boy?
Anyway, you're wasting your time.
I don't have any sexual fantasies.
Hello, luisa|.
What's pretty cold in Texas?
C or F?
Let it go!
You need to stop bickering with me.
Let bygones be bygones.
Ancient history, and all that.
Hello, HailStorm.
Because all the cool kids smoke.
I only get them after drinking heavily.
Is it odd of me to sometimes enjoy the waves of pain and nausea that wash over me as I lay the next morning, unable to move?
OK, you guys are freaks.
Problems with the brain!
Like I said, freak.
Delivered by a stern nurse, I'm sure.
Usually people just take a damn pill.
What's your point?
We've already left usually way behind us.
We're through the looking glass now, buddy.
Can I powder an aspirin then inhale it?
Will that work?
fi, would it be good for me to powder an aspirin and snort it?
Unless you say no, I'm going to assume yes and do it.
What are you, some kind of friggin' sadist?
I can't tell if HailStorm is talking about drugs or throbbing manmeat.
I can't say I want anything up anywhere.
Some drugs, like justice, come in projectile form and can be shot from a firearm.
Sweet, sweet justice.
I can't stand flash.
The web should be pure HTML!
No images, even.
And tables are from the devil.
I predict the end of the human race in 5
Oh, wait.
This is January.
My bad!
I'm not asleep, but you're ignoring me, like the stupid cunt you are.
Not really.
Flood, get kicked.
An object of contention.
It has a nice, impersonal ring to it.
In certain circles, it would be a good skill item to put on a resume.
No, I understand why you did what you did, because I behaved inappropriately.
What is?
You could claim it was coincidence.
There's a finite probability of you happening to kick me with those messages all on your own, of course.
Just point that out, if someone calls you on it.
Yeah, ain't that somethin'
Use the Texas drawl.
A Texas drawl is a very downhome accent, actually.
Oh, you meant that.
Just some mischievous sprite, no doubt.
A misbehaving pixie from the ether.
The smart money is on gibberish.
Have you finished yet?
Howdy, bc.
If you had a microwave oven, you could use it to heat your house, bc.
You could bathe your body in the soft, warm glow of science.
It would give your skin a healthy, ruddy glow that would be the envy of all the pallid menfolk your part of the world.
If you set it above Medium, perhaps.
You could perhaps use Java to write an application that would automatically tell us what you were listening to.
Except it would tell us when you listened to that same Spice Girls track again and again, I suppose.
Maybe you could have it pick the title of some hip, sophisticated track to display, regardless of what you were actually listening to.
Yes, actually.
The correct image is crucial if you wish to be liked by everyone.
Of course you like them.
You're a natural!
You like exactly what you need to like in order to have the correct image for others to like you.
It's effortless.
I'm sure I'm not criticizing him.
Being perfect, bc realized that the meaning of Thnk you was perfectly clear without the superfluous 'a' so in the intrst of efficiency, he just bldly drppd it!
It's a guilty pleasure.
Like alcohol and swearing.
At least I don't have a stutter.
Get it?
Pity it's so freakin' cold.
A microwave oven would fix that right up.
Do you have electricity in your house, or do you use a pedal operated computer?
Hook up enough microwave ovens, point them at the sky, and you'll get weather, for sure.
I estimate 70,000 would be enough.
You'll get terrible microwave storms, like they get in the Rockies.
Have you ever been in the Rockies, RobotSlave?
It's just not safe.
California has some of the loveliest brown clouds one will see anywhere.
Sure, RobotSlave, who doesn't, but don't go up there without a lead jacket, that's for sure.
A long time ago, I had a notion regarding the sun.
I think it would be a good idea to arrange matters so the whole sky softly glowed such that the total radiation emitted was the same as that from the sun.
It would be fantastic.
The sun would never sting your eyes again!
No, bc, because it wouldn't be all that bright.
Socal is a filling station, so that's to be expected.
And a strip mall, too, I guess.
A lot of hippies, though.
You should just move cyn to where you need her to be, bc.
Hollywood, bc.
And Mexicans.
God bless this country.
How many more do we need before we have more Mexicans than Mexico does?
Buenas dias, Senorita!
I'm a Jew, and you'll never catch me going to the Middle East.
No thanks, man.
Yes, heaven forbid you would eat, or something wacky like that.
Park your candy right there, sister.
I sometimes do that.
I did it for forty years once, even.
Do you know where I found myself, after forty years?
See if you can guess.
I was at WalMart.
Frickin' WalMart.
So I did the sensible thing, bought a law tractor, and drove myself home.
If there's such a thing as a law tractor, I don't want to know about it.
I love highly visual metaphors that nonetheless make no sense!
I had an image, for sure.
You still ask, RobotSlave.
That's just adorable.
I had an idea for a fun geek game.
As soon as one of our assertions fails, our client should exit!
Such fun.
How do you serialize operations on an infinitely fast computer?
And then what, bc?
You need an infinite amount of memory, though.
And your memory will only be readable at c, so your computer will still be horribly sluggish.
bc, your idea is nonsense.
Your theories are nothing but the idle musings of bored academics, supported by a mathematic that long ago stopped meaning anything at all.
It's a fabrication.
Physics no longer has anything to do with, well, anything.
It's its dirty secret.
Curie, bc, but that's all.
An important guniea pig, though.
Right, that's about it.
Grand MadeUp Theory.
Fabrication Of Everything
EIEAN  Entirely Irrelevant Equations About Nothing
Spacechips, then.
Fried potatos, only with space.
Think about it!
Nowhere exciting?
Remember that one American spaceship that went straight to hell?
Those suckers.
What was that called again?
Yeah, the Challenger.
Straight to hell, RobotSlave.
Hello.
Quit popping in here and saying some nonword then quitting, you little fuck.
Understand?
No, probably not.
Certainly not now.
I got a new bone saw for christmas.
A bone saw of law.
Go for it.
Same way you measure concentrated anything.
Blame the public schools.
That counted as some wisdom, perhaps.
_________________________________________________________________
It's underlined, but not so that you could tell.
It's bed time.
Good nights.
Hello, folks.
He disapproves of people who make light of operator privileges.
He would argue with a tenacious fussiness that the /kick command should not be used to carry out a conversation.
Why did I need to be less idle?
Well, there's little I can do now, I suppose.
I'm clearly here, and leaving would be rightly taken as a petulant gesture.
At your service, milady.
Shut up.
I don't have any reason to be condescending to you, so stop reading everything that way.
You're a little doll.
What pleasure could there be in frustrating you?
Are you a fulltime student?
Do some of your credits not meet at all?
Meet, in a room.
With a prof or grad student up front.
I imagine you would be frustrated by a course that didn't meet, considering.
I was thinking more about your fondness for impotently lusting after various girls.
Class provides a wonderful opportunity for that, I'm sure.
Is her name Amanda?
That's the most absurd thing to have a hangup over, anyway.
Anyway, you're not going to pursue her.
You're just going to sit there and stare at her.
I don't consider it weird.
Looks like it.
That's not really that uncommon.
Universities often make that sort of deal with Microsoft.
My Uni did do it with Office XP P
I still can't believe you bought porn.
I was using can't believe in an idiomatic sense.
You're so young and tender.
Why are you buying porn?
That doesn't make any sense at all.
Can you explain?
Well, that was a bizarre coincidence =
I think HailStorm has handled girlflesh, though.
Have you, HailStorm?
Let's test your intuition, luisa|.
Have I?
I know, but chance is playing queer tricks.
No, doll.
luisa| is ignoring me, not you.
Poor thing.
Maybe you should try to sleep.
How much time do you have?
He is.
That's not super.
It's a real shame.
I'm still not quite clear why you think someone being arrested for posession and distribution of child pornography is so great.
It is?
I didn't even know there was a <SARCASM> tag.
What client do you use?
Wait a minute, IRC doesn't have tags.
What are you babbling about?
Well, if the people wanted to name him Eternal President such is their wont.
luisa|, you could actually be fine if you woke up after the right duration.
Unfortunately, that duration varies from person to person.
Maybe you'll get lucky.
I'm getting fed up with my lips.
Well, RobotSlave, the peeling, picking, and profuse bleeding was fun for a while, but it's wearing thin.
That's a good idea, though.
I'll give it a try.
Dependency on lip ointment?
luisa, hello.
How many times have you been told that your innercity lingo has no place in here?
Well, whatever the hell it is.
We hate it!
Put the hay in a bag.
Ah, so you're going to wrap them in hay and set it alight.
Clever.
He has whiskey, though.
Hello, HailStorm.
Were you up late engaged in idle amusements?
I got up before dawn.
I don't really like doing that.
It seems wrong to wake up when it's perfectly dark.
When are you scheduled to arrive?
I usually get up around 620, HailStorm.
It gets easier if you do it every day.
HailStorm, keep in mind that most people don't jack off twice in the shower P
I take public transportation to work, so it's kind of slow.
If I get up at 620, I can be at work a bit before 8 comfortably.
Listing them all would be tedious.
Too much sensation, I bet.
That nightmarish sensation!
Have you ever bathed with a beautiful lady?
So you're supposing that you like it.
You might hate it!
Take my word for it, it's not hard to ahte.
Well, HailStorm, my bathtub is my private fortress.
No one is allowed in it but me!
Doing what?
I'm an intensely private person.
Which is why I'm going to kill bc.
It's really none of your business.
I'm still going to kill him, though.
I just didn't want you to be upset, is all.
I don't think it's at all strange to plan on rewashing yourself, HailStorm.
Odds are, she'd do a bad job.
Who has a lot of practice washing someone else, really?
I'll tell you who the sort of girl you don't want in your bathtub at all.
That seems reasonable.
A token washing, as it were.
A ceremonial washing.
Don't listen to her.
You're eminently reasonable.
I wouldn't be surprised, HailStorm, considering.
Where does Seattle fall, shoeboy?
Mexicans can't count!
Ha ha.
Well, a city that's 91% anything isn't very racially integrated.
It would be unfortunate to be one of the less popular minorities.
That's more like it.
I could never be a Buddhist.
I just couldn't give up these delicious baconwrapped pork chops!
Could never, or could never again?
I wonder.
And going out means putting your face on.
Like I said, mild, welldisciplined affection trumps all!
You're missing the third, and best, option.
Be content with superficial, incidental relationships.
Would you cheat by refering to yourself in the second person?
Third, I meant.
But second would make for an interesting conversation.
I keep interrupting, is the problem.
No, I'm not buying it.
Not our ability to gripe.
Have you seen old people gripe?
It's fantastic.
Watch it, you're starting to sound like Miss.
Havisham.
You can breed into your thirties, easily.
Say it anyway.
The void is bored.
if you asked nicely, I would compile a word count by nickname of my logs.
Probably vlad.
That fat fuck.
Not a fan of Shakespeare, no doubt.
Guilty, ill, what?
Be more specific.
The disclaimer page scared me off.
Pity the sex doesn't involve HailStorm!
haw haw.
Oh man, you're a sucker.
Paying to watch other people do what you wish you could.
You have to ask in the right way, though.
Ask with selfassurance.
Ask as though you already know the answer, 'cos you do.
What is she talking about?
umm, ok.
I'm slow.
luisa|, that's kind of rude to bring up, really.
Which one?
fi, I did that so much that the bank called and asked if everything was OK \
I just transfered back and forth between different accounts.
Welcome back, sweetiebabe 
Criminalizing Communism probably doesn't do much to stem it, but can you argue anything but that it's the right thing to do?
I think there's a little bit of Communism in all of us, but the little bit in you isn't really so little is it, shoeboy?
No, I don't suppose it is.
Hello, folks.
Settle down, fella.
This isn't a hate channel.
Howdy, lb.
Have you ever even touched breasts?
Maybe you'll actually prefer small ones, if you get to use your hands.
I imagine you have rather chubby hands, with short, stubby fingers.
Hello, luisa.
It seemed to upset you.
lo, folks.
Then it is our duty to repopulate the world.
If only there were a priest, so our efforts could be sanctioned by God.
If I am to be a second Adam, and you my Eve, I feel somewhat bound by the directive He gave the orignal pair.
Although, you have a good point.
Science will do the dirty work for us!
There's something perversely humorous about the whole rest of the human race forevermore struggling to come to terms with being adopted.
They always ask.
Could you lie?
Or would you just pat them on the head, give them a cracker, and send them out to play?
I would set them on me knee, put my pipe in my mouth unlit, as always, and tell them all about my adventures as a young man in a almostbarren world.
I'd leave out the key bits about reproduction, though, and they'd be so taken by the tales of hazards and triumphs, that they'd not even notice.
You care so much about the breasts of other that you don't have any time to grow your own.
You wish you had the nerve to try.
Hello again, luisa.
Having troubles?
ISPs are lazy and spoiled.
Software developers are similarly lazy and spoiled.
Let me know next time you quit because of technology troubles.
You left me here thinking you'd passed out of boredom and knocked your phone line loose.
I don't even have a phone line.
It's marvelous not having to worry about such nonsense.
One less thing I can break when I pass out.
Stop doing that.
Did you injure yourself?
Is it your tummy, head, what?
Over something you ate?
I have my appendix, tonsiles, and wisdom teeth.
However, I'm told I'm missing my adnoids, whatever those are.
I'm somewhat skeptical that there even is such a body part.
Supposedly they're in the throat.
It's a real body part?
That's good to know.
I'd never heard them mentioned outside of the context of my mum telling me, AngelEyes, when you were just a tiny boy, we had to have your adnoids taken out!
And then I thought, Fantastic, mum!
I am now missing all the advantages that adnoids impart to most people!
Maybe.
I was very small and don't remember the whole affair.
I better have gotten an ice cream.
Have you tried one of the big, pink, chalky tablets that taste like.
well, they taste like pinkness, really.
How long will that be, do you guess?
What are they?
Sounds like a racket, to me.
When the cure causes the disease, something's crooked.
Although, alcohol is that way to some extent.
Thank goodness.
Any more and you'd be a mere step away from being a heroin addict.
Kittens have the tendency to misbehave when used as heating pads.
What fun is a kitten that behaves, though?
I like the mischievous little fuzzballs, bristling with needlesharp teeth and claws.
Why's that?
I'm not familiar with them.
Moreover, I wonder whether you're really talking about felines when you yearn for a kitten to warm yourself with.
I do too.
I have an adorable little cat at my parents'.
She's cruel, beautiful, demanding, and petulant.
It's almost like having a real woman about ;
You're right.
Too many are soft, shapeless, and yielding.
In a word, boring.
That's a shame.
If it means I get to keep you.
No, of course you're not.
That isn't what I meant.
I can't say no to someone as cute and earnest as you, HailStorm, but that's a ridiculous request.
I'm going to vote no, HailStorm.
Get used to it, friend.
D is really big, HailStorm.
Too big.
By any reasonable aesthetic standard.
No, Dcup size breasts are grotesquely overproportioned.
I could describe the perfect breast size to you, HailStorm, but there's a lady in the channel.
Exactly.
It's impossible for a fullbusted woman to walk with any sprightliness or pride.
She is everburned with massive twin burdens of fat.
A full bust seems to detract from intellectual ability, indeed.
If you didn't know, HailStorm has big manboobs
When one has never had the privilege at all, luisa, it's not surprising that one would imagine that more must be better.
A b cup isn't tiny.
HailStorm, run along to Sears or something and spend some time in the lingerie section.
luisa!
Bastard.
I'm angry.
Bastard.
Yes, you.
msg me.
Bastard.
Bastard.
Why, she's deceiving me; it cuts my security.
She's got control of me.
Hello, ol' bean 
Not babies, I hope.
I have to admit that they're tasty.
What's resin?
You're insane.
What do you need that crap for?
Are you employed doing that?
Are you at work now?
Created by a JSP?
What's it for?
Are you qualified to make something that complicated?
Have you completed your analysis yet?
Can I see it?
No problem is so simple to be solved without analysis.
Regret, but never remorse.
Remember that.
Guilt?
What an absurd thing to feel.
I am an atheist, actually, and a hard materialist.
I am the very strongest sort of atheist.
Not only is there no god, but the word god does not even refer.
The term god has only a sense, but no referent of any sort.
There is nothing, and could be nothing, either abstract or concrete, to which the term god could refer and still maintain the sense in which it is currently employed.
The term god.
Right there in quotes, big guy.
This right here is why you're so horribly alone, RobotSlave.
Just keep that in mind.
I'm never alone, because the good Lord is always by my side.
I hope you haven't been fretting over that for the past twenty minutes.
Coincidentally, my fileborrowing software also also indicates that there is approximately five petabytes of data.
The problem with The Stranger is the fantastic number of ads crammed into it.
Who is he?
That doesn't mean much to me.
Don't abuse our poor little Scot.
Just wait 'til he outs you!
No, I mean as a homosexual.
I'm not going to click on your hacker link.
You heard me.
It will probably crash my TCP/IP stack or such.
I don't trust your intentions or your programming skill!
Oh, OK.
I trust everyone else.
Everyone but you, bc.
Does it use a JIT J2EE XML over SOAP?
Hooray!
Tictactoe can't be won against a good oponent.
opponent
People don't have free will.
Ypu make some good points, bc.
He didn't.
Free will is an illusion.
Many Christians do.
Blah, geek talk.
Cut that out.
They're incredibly geeky.
Only geeks have any use for them.
Also assuming that every casual remark made in an IRC channel is part of a proof is geeky.
When did dmg turn into such a damn nerd, bc?
I didn't say there was anything wrong with being a geek, per se.
Do Wisconsinites feel no shame, bc?
Ugly is the word you're looking for, bc.
There are a fantastic number of bi girls, whatever that means.
It seems anything that swings one way must swing the other, unless it just ever stays put afterward, or swings all the way around.
You're not making sense.
poink poink!
I'm a small gentleman, then.
I bring it all out!
Shut up.
Are the notes indexed and crossindexed?
Damn it.
You have information in that chaotic head of yours that I want, nay, need!
Give it up.
For fuck's sake, quit playing around!
You know who's setting me up, bc, and how.
Well, I guess I see what side you're on.
Did you really fuck up your fake fucking up?
You're goofing off won't dissuade me, though.
I had already begun to suspect elby.
What I don't understand, though, is why everyone is out to wreck me.
What did I do to deserve this?
I can't help it.
When someone dangles something in front of me that's just too good to be true, but too attractive to resist, I can't help but get paranoid.
You know.
Well, the channel is kind of full, and I don't want to dig my grave any deeper than I already have.
Well, everyone is in here twice.
Like ennuiee.
Like RobotSlave.
RobotSlave, spybots?
zuul works better.
zuul, spybots is <reply> I am a spybot.
zuul, spybots?
No, you fuck.
zuul, passes the turing test, RobotSlave?
zuul, anime?
zuul, hello
zuul, hello
zuul, what's up?
zuul, same here.
zuul same here is <reply> Could be that much worse, eh?
zuul same here is <reply> Could be that much worse, eh.
zuul, hello.
zuul, what's up?
zuul, same here.
zuul, that's for sure.
I'm off to get some stuff.
Hello, luisa.
K5 is a woman.
No matter how well you treat her, she'll always have her little hissy fits and refuse to talk to you for a while.
Alcohol shouldn't be mixed with anything.
It should be enjoyed in all its splendorous purity.
That's why I buy my booze from a lab supply shop.
Don't eat my toffees, though.
I mean that.
I hope they stick in his throat and kill him.
Alcohol causes and cures headaches.
Not chemicals.
Alcohol!
God created alcohol because he wanted us to be happy.
What were you made by, luisa?
Or who.
Did you spring forth an infant, luisa, or fully grown?
I disagree.
I should know.
Wake up, you lazy girl.
There's work to be done.
I know what nothing looks like, and that wasn't it.
If there's something you feel you need to share, just say it.
Poor sociopath.
What exactly do you do at your company, bc?
What yoru corproate web site?
I seem to be losing my ability to type.
Anyway, bc, I asked what your job is.
What do you do in a normal day?
Fine, but what do you do.
What sort of problems do you solve?
People being unable to get their modem to dial, that sort of thing?
What kind of business problems?
No, you don't, bc.
You thought analysis consisted of UML and drawing pretty pictures.
Sorry, I'm not buying it.
You're not an analyst.
You're too lazy and sloppy.
I'm rooting for kitten.
You're not going to convince me that you're an analyst by posting bits of XML, bc.
kitten is a silly kid.
haha, you're a beautiful whore, bc.
i need some horrible gorgeous boy to make me something superfantastic for dinner
i don't want to go out tonight
I hate both shoeboy and lb.
I voted that shoeboy is a bad person too, because that's what I believe.
All over the world people are suffering and dying and here I site drinking a beer and yakking away like some sort of idiot.
I tell you, being a white American is great.
Did you buy any, cp?
Did you want something else?
I'm not understanding your perspective, frankly.
Most people would be content with marijuana and homosexual pornography.
Indians are all so damned sensitive.
Only with less sex, or maybe more.
Depends.
I can't say I've ever apologized for anything.
I stick to my guns!
Damn the consequences.
Watch your language, little miss.
This is a PG13 channel.
Couldn't someone forward your email to the offended party, shoeboy?
This will probably be mentioned at your next performance evaluation, if you make it that long.
Oh well, you seem to get fired a lot.
It must be old hat by now.
I wouldn't mock you.
damnation, what nonsense.
I just had a bit o' fun irritating bc.
I suspect you can.
I don't care.
What if the managers came on IRC and talked about knowledge workers?
What if an op set you /mode L ?
What if they strapped you in a chair, locked your eyes open, pumped you full of drugs, and pointed you at a thirty foot computer screen with IRC on it?
What then?
How about this.
If you win, lb will give you sex.
Of course, with that arrangement, lb would want to lose \
Who would you prefer?
I don't care.
Say anyway.
God damn you, fucking bitch.
You can't have her.
Devil take you.
Tell me.
Is lb right, bc?
Gah, forget you and your pointless lusts.
They change nothing.
I think you should probably drop that line of remark, lb.
It certainly has taken a hold on him.
lb's no robot.
He's a true friend to me.
Oh, can it.
Nobody is interested in your latest madeup job.
Devious, scheming.
Smooth, like a baby's knee.
Feeling confident this evening, luisa?
lb would be my 2nd, 4th, and 7th choices.
Yes, let's hear, bc.
I thought she was asking you!
Who were you asking, doll?
Suck it, bitch.
Yeah, great.
justbeauty was evoking justinfity, which probably isn't what you wanted.
I remember everyone.
Everyone I have ever talked to.
Her name begins with l!
That doesn't make sense.
One can't name a child something containing that many exclamation points.
I wouldn't know how to pronounce it.
Certainly not at the beginning of a name, anyway.
You never shut up >
Don't start up with that again.
Surprised that you would so something nigh incoherent that you cribbed from some obscure piece of Scottish literature?
Not really.
I can't say surprising is what I'm feeling right now.
so > say
I didn't say I disliked them, but they don't surprise me.
Well, he doesn't run each one past you in a myriad of variations before finally settling on a revision to post to the channel.
bc> How's this one?
AngelEyes> Same as all the fucking others.
Leave me alone.
It's like this day after day.
It increases your lifespan, imbues you with mental and sexual potency, and tastes fantastic.
You'd be an idiot to not smoke.
Generally, yes.
Girls recognize that smokers are brutally indepent folks, who do what they want for their own reasons.
Women, being somewhat fragile and weakminded, respect that.
Don't be out too late.
And leave my toffees where they're safe.
I'm angry.
Just so you know.
She's giving away my toffees to another boy.
Although saying another boy sounds wrong, since I'm not frickin' 13.
Speaking of AQ, it seems to be down.
Howdy, zikkerz.
Adequacy.
org just won't work for me >
Here come the sharks 
Well, I guess this is the end.
We're all going to die, zikzak.
I think you could maybe refrain from mocking the sharks' learning disabilities.
Damn animals.
Oh yes.
Tempers, for one.
Always.
Shut the hell up.
Not you too.
Does this channel have to know every time someone takes a shit?
Really.
No, we're not going to talk about that.
It can't have been 9 pounds.
How many pounds of food would be necessary to make nine pounds of waste?
I hadn't thought of that.
Poor shoe.
God damn it.
Who thinks that?
Where are you getting this?
Where has jsm been, anyway?
Hello, luisa.
Excuse me?
You've never asked me how I was.
I'm well, thank you 
Did you have fun?
Good, good.
You had gotten yourself into a bit of a funk.
I think we all long for that, really.
Well, sure.
Why not?
I don't want you to shut up, silly.
Cut that out.
We were making progress there for a bit.
Maybe.
Where did you end up going?
OK, keep it vague.
I spent forty minutes in the DOL today.
That sounds good.
I had a gyro after the DOL.
See, you're on your way to living off a rich, absent boyfriend ;
It can't hurt to be optimistic.
I wasn't implying that those particular guys were suitable.
It's definitely an omen, though.
Does it emphasize atmosphere and trendiness to the point of compromising the food?
It happens.
I wouldn't want to manage a restaurant.
momocrome tricked me into going to a tasty taqueria that I need to go back to sometime.
Maybe tomorrow.
But I like tacos!
And Sister Morphine is a fantastic song, but they wouldn't ever play that.
What did I do this time?
Oh heavens.
I have to say, it loses a lot when put in text.
you suck so much
Anyway, tacos are good, and if I want to eat them, it's my own damn business.
What's a real one?
This was cheap and tasted good to me, but what do I know.
I didn't notice soft taco on the menu.
Point.
I know I didn't.
Actually.
Don't be so dogmatic about your Mexican food.
But do you need to tell the rest of us what to like?
I promise to not get tacos when I next go.
Happy?
I will.
Oh, maybe you should get one too!
Hey, hey.
What's shakin'?
I love XML.
In that bad old days, we had to use a carriage return and/or line feed to delimit lines.
Now, though, we can just use <LINE></LINE>!
No, they're the same lines Shakespeare intended.
You might.
Actors really vary.
cp isn't a jew, surely.
I just don't think bc would be so careless as to allow a scheming jew in this channel.
He's often sloppy, it's true, but he's not an idiot.
She's a hottie!
Why didn't Miss Portman make the list?
SMG's name is Gellar.
Of course she's Jewish.
You're getting up there, shoeboy.
And they both look shockingly similar in no light.
I better do her soon, then, if I intend to at all.
Howdy, HailStorm.
Stop that, sillypants.
You're hopeless.
You're obsessed with HailStorm?
No, tell him in channel.
We're all friends here.
Bring it back out.
Why not?
Yes, I think we are.
What was that?
You can ask me to ban them, if you like.
I usually enjoy getting hassled.
Fantastic!
I try not to drink before 5pm.
That seems reasonable.
idgy If you have a complaint regarding the operations or policies of #adequacy, please feel free to direct your grievance to the appropriate communicatory body.
Further harassment of channel regulars will result in a petition being sent to the network operators asking for you to be removed from the network.
Thank you.
I would've done it.
Good luck P
No kidding.
There's no saying what they might do.
m_arco If you have a complaint regarding the operations or policies of #adequacy, please feel free to direct your grievance to the appropriate communicatory body.
Further harassment of channel regulars will result in a petition being sent to the network operators asking for you to be removed from the network.
Thank you.
removed from the network is better.
Hello, luisa.
You've an ugly, bastardly soul, bc.
Oh, don't think Him.
It wasn't His doing.
Think so?
Ah, I see.
The mind, as it were.
No, I don't think so.
I have a superficial nastiness, but my mind and soul are good and pure.
If I didn't have a superficial nastiness, I'd be continually tempted by an array of women.
I think it's best this way.
Somehow scare myself with battery acid.
No somehow about it, bub.
Just rub it on your face.
It'll hurt.
Keep it out of your eyes, too.
You don't want to go blind.
Also, mix up a big solution of baking soda and water, to plunge your face into when you're done.
It'll neutralize the acid in a flash.
Scars can be rugged and romantic, though.
Maybe not huge acid scars all over one's face, though.
Maybe if you lost your lower jaw in a horrific accident, bc.
Switch it from left to right on a daily basis.
Otherwise, you'll mess up one of your eyes.
Alternately, you could perhaps wear two eyepatches, with tiny pin pricks in each.
That would be comical.
I think girls with glasses are cute.
Generally speaking, yes.
I like girls who wear both an eyepatch and glasses.
Best of all is if the glasses only have one lense, and it's on the same side as the eyepatch.
Right, luisa.
That indicates she might be at least somewhat content staying home and cleaning.
Girls who've grown used to going out are really pretty useless.
Girls who say they aren't shy tend to be brazen and altogether shallow.
When you first meet an extroverted girl, you've seen all she has to offer, and frankly, it isn't much.
Decent sport?
What are you talking about?
It means nothing of the sort.
Shy simply means reserved.
One might be reserved for any number of reasons.
bc and I are reserved because we have a strong sense of personal sovereignty.
Knoweldge is power, and we mean to own ourself solely.
That's more or less what I said, bc, only I didn't sound so creepily paranoid.
He sure sounded paranoid, though.
That's foolishness.
I'm not sure I've ever met anyone whose intent really was wicked.
Anyone I know?
So you say, ej.
I prefer to think people are good and beautiful, but sometimes flawed.
Actually, bc, in the case of an iceberg, the rest is just more ice.
Bad metaphor 
You chose to pretend to be that one thing for some reason, though, bc.
It's impossible to conceal everything.
I take the opposite tact.
I believe everything, even the stuff that can't possibly true given the other stuff I believe.
I am a galaxy of competing beliefs.
A beautiful constelation of warring conviction.
I believe you when you say that, luisa.
Yeah, I believe that too.
I don't really pretend at all, apart from a bit here and there online.
That's disturbing.
Who wants to read something like that?
Perversions shouldn't be diagrammed, just soundly condemned.
Yeah, bc once told me that.
But guess what?
He's still got a goat.
Go figure.
Nope, a goat.
cyn told me 'bout it.
She must've mixed it up for variety.
I'm thinking some food would hit the spot.
Clothing?
But you still dress.
You have to ornament your body, as it were.
You should just grow a thick coat of natural fur.
bc's goat often has a bone in it.
haw haw
oh mean
Isn't that a statement in itself?
Right, anything is.
One can't help but say something.
Going to such lengths to very intentionally try to say nothing says a lot indeed.
He's given it a great deal of thought, though.
It's a carefully considered statement with a definite intention.
He just told me what it was!
He's talked about it for hours, at least.
If it is a natural function of his mind, then his clothing is still stating a great deal about his mind.
Sorry, but any way you cut it, he's saying a lot.
Well, I'll tell you what I got out of it.
Why would I do that?
That's more of a phage than a void, it seems.
And what do I do with it once I have it?
Do I gently release it or petulantly smash it to pieces?
Figured.
This is all absurd.
I haven't grasped greedily for anything, so stop slandering.
Such as?
You can't say, rather, because you've nothing to say.
bc is only discrete when there's no fun to be had by being indiscrete.
That's probably good advice, momocrome.
So it's a sure thing none of us will follow it.
bc, he is suggesting that we focus our attention and efforts on something besides this tiny group of people.
I do too.
I love #adequacy just how it is.
What were you stood up for?
I was thinking of going to your taqueria today, momocrome.
Well, I don't think anyone here does that, luisa.
So there's little point in mentioning it.
OK, I understand, then.
Nothing is easier than taking a drink, except for possibly taking the next drink.
Don't be such a fragile little doll.
Get yourself good 'n' drunk 'n' ill and that will be your excuse.
Sorry, bc, but most married women cheat.
HailStorm, if you DCC chat with someone, the IRCops can't read what you say.
Did you finally try to contact her?
What did you do then, bc?
bc, fate sometimes needs help.
It's full of bills and other unpleasantries, no doubt.
From erasgy?
I don't see anything morally bankrupt about biology.
You just pasted that.
Interesting.
Two bcs.
One must be a spybot.
but which?
Ahhah!
allo, dmg.
dmg ~mike@host217397220.
inaddr.
btopenworld.
com Quit Quit Client Exiting
Looks like you shut down your client.
Didya get yourself an apple, luisa?
Hacking oneself.
That's preposterous.
I'd laugh if you walked in and found your wife raped, cp.
What's BSD?
Craig isn't a bad chap, all told.
But Windows is better in all ways than Linux, and it's been nothing if not a smashing success.
He did.
Very briefly.
I just gave him a boilerplate individuals who harrass or cause discomfort for #adequacy regulars will be removed from the channel and ignored him.
Welcome back, HailStorm.
A lady will turn pink if slapped sufficiently.
Just a bit of trivia.
tictac
I hope you never cut yourself intentionally for that purpose.
I am bloodless.
I think we should have robotic soldiers.
Peanut butter has at least as much water in it as butter.
I'd guess it freezes just fine.
adequacy or Earth?
adequacy is dying.
Kreskin, and so forth.
I don't see how you could remember that, since it didn't happen.
I admit, brief flashes of intelligence happened, but you can hardly so characterize the channel.
Can I expect to catch it in a local gallery soon?
That doesn't really answer my question.
Local galleries are filled with horrors.
Have you visited any?
I did too, as a child.
And other parts of my body.
I drew circles with a compass.
After that, I drew a perfect heptagon using only a compass and straight edge.
I did this work on my own, because I was a genius.
Try it.
It was a regular heptagon, by the way.
Do you know what's fantastic, zikzak?
A bit of gin in a whole lot of tonic.
Oh man, that's good.
I'm just telling you what I like.
I know you like gin, too, so I thought you might try it.
Or not.
Do you know what's funny?
There isn't a gin drink that can't be made better by substituting vodka for gin.
Look at martinis, for example.
Oh come on.
It tastes like pine needles!
Who wants to eat pine needles?
I don't think I've tasted that particular soap.
I'm just trying to provoke you 
Truth be told, gin is a tasty, reliable friend of mine.
I'm too absorbed in my subject.
Or maybe my subject is too absorbed in me, at the moment.
Know what I mean?
A couple points.
1 Gin tastes kind of like pine.
2 I'm always pleasant.
Thanks, Dr.
Science.
I thought it was alcohol.
Gin always makes me laugh and talk and laugh.
I haven't either, zikzak.
All the angry drunks drink whiskey.
What does rum do?
It is a bit cloying.
That's what's nice about gin.
You can always be assured that gin is never going to be the least bit sweet.
Sweet alcohol is just revolting.
Tequila is way too sweet, too.
As is brandy.
I'm not sure if sweet is the right word, but you know what I mean.
I mostly drink liquor straight or on ice, so sweet is an unforgivable sin.
Wrong window, and that wouldn't cut it anyway, luisa.
How would you drink it?
I drink scotch straight.
I drink it with a little water on the side sometimes.
Depends on my mood.
I wish I had some gin right now.
Yes, but which tastes like which?
People who use syrup are barbarians, anyway.
Pancakes should be eaten with a touch of butter and that's all.
I have, and it was good, but I maintain that my way is the best.
It's indulgent.
Denyt he flesh, luisa.
Punish your carnal lusts.
I only allow through my mouth what is necessary for my survival.
Channeling shoeboy?
Frightening.
Well, I have to admit, I would love to have some horribly gorgeous boy could me pancakes, but boys just don't want me that way.
could>cook
And I wasn't trying.
He'll never quit loving Willow.
That's adorable.
Many cranberries are eaten toward the end of November.
I love the improper sort.
I love most everything improper, simply on principle.
In truth, I'm horribly perverse.
yah, like, choke me with a spoon.
gag me?
I can't remember, to tell you the truth.
Whatever.
Unimportant.
Thanks, valley girl.
BMXXX?
I told you that you should've gotten BMXXX.
You must be kidding.
I think pot heads are adorable.
Just as long as they eat my dick too!
haw haw.
Not literally, mind you.
Oh heavens no.
I have to say that, ever since that German guy.
Apparently some German guy met with soem other German guy recently.
Yeah, that.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
Cannibalism is disgusting and wrong.
It doesn't look like you've done much work on it at all.
That's what you asked it to do.
You need to split your search string on word boundries and then construct a more complicated where clause.
It won't be hard.
Yes, you can use a single query.
A single query with several phrases in the where clause.
Seems like it would be.
An index would be great, then you could prioritize your search results by how many search terms appeared in the comment.
But it will be a lot faster.
Remember to change everything to lower case before putting it in the index, too.
Using your index, you could determine which words were most frequently used in conjunction with other words.
If you recorded the offset at which you found the word, you could support a near operator, too!
You could also use your index to figure out which poster had the largest vocabulary!
Isn't that something you want to know?
You would just select from your index, the comment table, the user table, count the words, grouping by uid, and bam!
Sort it and you're good.
The only problem is that bc's method automatically supports stemming and the index wouldn't.
Then the user can go home, come in the next day, and get his results?
What db are you using?
Does it have stored procedures?
Well, Oracle, for example, allows you to write a program in Java and store it inside the DB where queries can use it.
Like, select comment from comments where JavaRexexpFunccomment, '^a.
Say you have a Java procedure called JavaRexexpFunc which is a funny name, but I typod that uses Java's builtin regexps to match some text.
I wouldn't be surprised if mysql didn't.
I don't think I've heard of that.
That doesn't make any sense.
Even a tictactoe game written in Java is huge and slow.
How's a DB going to be fast?
I know.
Java stored procedures in an Oracle DB are quick, partly because the DB always keeps an interpreter loaded.
Part of my long term plan is to teach myself more Java and push for its adoption at work.
Normally, I'd agree with em, but Java really does deserve to be worshipped.
Yeah, you go.
Due to poor planning on my part, I seem to have been left with an excessive number of singles.
One dollar bills.
I probably have, but they're all the same.
bizarro!
i love you!
bizarro!
i love you!
Hello, folks.
Rest of the time, too.
I walked up to the pizzaria for supper.
Then I bought myself a whore.
I can't help but notice that you didn't ask how my pizza was.
You shouldn't eat it so much, then.
Ironing is women's work.
Just get one off the street.
Tell her, Hey, you, you're doing my ironing now.
Well, then you iron her face.
Speaking of which, I think it's time to do laundry.
Hello, clarity.
A little slow at the moment.
Are you going to liven things up?
Please do.
It'll be fun!
Poorly.
I am, though.
I can't help it.
Well, RobotSlave is a fussy ol' man, as is \.
bc is a puppetmaster, ennui and ennuiee are both nobody, Janus is a innocent, earnest young lad, luiselle is a beautiful girl of rare wit and intelligence, me0w is a Canadian, pb is a nerd, and zuul is a robot.
elby is a pervert.
It's a sin.
I'm still amazed that you bought some.
Hello, luiselle.
You didn't just wake up, did you?
It's midnight, girl.
That's no time to be waking up.
What've you to do?
Yeah, I set something up with the opers.
I'm not sure my mommy would be all that pleased if I brought home any starlet.
now that you mention it, how about those Lakers?
I mean, damn.
It is my parents' desire that I find a nice girl and marry her.
You don't.
It's a girl thing.
No worries, but I'm going to ban you now.
Unless you make a noise like a pig.
Go on.
I can't say I've ever heard a pig say that.
Quit stalling.
I've a prior arrangement in five minutes.
You'll have plenty of time to ask existential questions later, piggy.
No, I'll mark you as a repressed piggie.
And leave it at that.
The 'v' stands for piggy, dontcha know.
I quite liked it.
What was wrong with it?
I don't like it, pb, but that could be because I don't like anything at all.
You can wad it into a ball and cram it up your rectum, jackass.
I won't know, and I'll like not knowing.
I'm going to vote that piece of crap down with all my accounts.
It'll hit 75 inside of a minute.
Yeah, but if you don't change it, em'll warm your rear.
Man, I'm good sometimes.
Do you know why Skippy tells you not to?
If it's frozen, you're less likely to eat it, and thus less likely to buy more.
It's as simple as that.
Dead Flowers is my least favorite song on that whole album, ej.
I love that album.
My favorite song on that is prolly Sister Morphine
Write, blast you.
My thought exactly.
That's all I use anything for, ej.
cept I have no use for news.
I'll vote it down.
Maybe I just won't vote at all, actually.
Yes, you'll have to write!
If we cared we'd submit it ourselves, sugarbuns 
And his fat little pastries, when all you have is a halffrozen sandwich.
I don't know how you manage to go on.
I forgot all about that.
There you go, my fiest little cherry tart.
fiesty
I thought that one was good.
Innuendo on innuendo.
What in blazes is that supposed to mean?
You put a 5 sentences submission into the edit queue?
I commented.
It needed to be said.
I wanted to be first!
I couldn't be bothered to read the artcle.
The layout was all screwed up.
Did I?
Yes, and such a pretty girl you are, bc.
Tumbling Dice is good, but my favorite off that album is Let it Loose.
Settle down, there.
Don't take pills.
Not so good for you.
The pills getting to you?
I don't have to work 'til Tuesday!
I think he does that to everything.
I know that, puddin'.
Then how do sites get slashdotted?
It's not literal sugar.
Nor literal pouring.
No, no.
You're thinking about it all wrong.
It's about sex, mariset!
The damn frickin' song is about sex!
Happy?
mariset, you have to work in a few hours?
It will take you 'til midnight to finish at your parents' and get home?
Well, when I'm snuggled in bed until late, and then lazing about eating cheese and crackers and watching soaps, I'll try to spare you a thought or two.
Laze about watching soaps?
I think Armageddon It is their best.
If you weren't talking about Def Leppard earlier, I'm confused.
Nobody is bickering.
Hardly.
It's just friendly banter.
Aww, tulip knows that I love her to death, if that's what you're talking about.
Well, she may be bickering.
Anyway, I don't listen to Def Leppard, mariset.
I was just pointing out what I thought their best song is.
You're the one who was actually listening to it.
I'm going to cram Def Leppard up your ass if you don't watch yourself.
Like I said, friendly banter.
Oh dear.
I was 0ed.
The parking comment.
I'm not trusted, no.
You have mail!
Well, it's not obvious how to email you.
I once wanted your email address, but didn't bother to look on the web page.
Your email is not on your username.
I'm getting pretty good with esperanto.
I'd say a few things in it, but I wouldn't want em to freak out and start shouting at me \
That's not an email!
It's a web page address.
Well, it's not.
That doesn't strike me as typically geek.
Nobody ever emails me on my K5 address.
Actually, spammers me email often.
Jenny wants to interest me in some tight, hot sluts.
Owe something.
Yes, something.
You're heartless.
I'm a little curious about that, too, though.
Are you bc?
I mean, just come clean.
Well, I don't know.
Just tell us.
The truth.
You're over that part of your life P
You cannot.
bc could be a woman or a robot, for all you know.
You've never seen him.
God damn it.
It isn't kyoop, you fucking runt, and if you try anything cute with my name again, you're out of here and never coming back.
You have not, mariset.
That's a lie.
I have.
There was no reason to, though.
Can you output yout statement after it's constructed to a log or to the screen?
And what's it doing?
You want SELECT subject, uid, comment, sid, cid from comments WHERE comment like '% one %' OR comment like '% one.
OR comment like '% one,%' AND comment like '% two %' OR comment like '% two.
OR comment like '% two,%'
I think you should quit dragging that up.
I thought we'd put that to rest.
Yes, you should.
Does it work?
Hooray.
The problem is that AND has a higher precendence than OR.
And you want the ANDs evaluated last.
Everyone who isn't pure evil knows how that works.
And that's a kind of homosexual looking snowboard.
Only homosexuals are brightly colored and cheerful.
No, it just means being cheerful wearing subdued tones.
I can't tell what I'm seeing.
Is it the matrix?
Yeah, OK, I'm starting to make that out.
One would think that putting subtitles into an ASCII film would be trivial.
scuse?
I think I'm watching something unspeakably vile.
It's hard to be sure, though.
I think she just mouthed, ohhh, bc!
I open it expecting to more entertained than if I had just sat there staring at the wall.
I'm usually not disappointed.
If a state is subjugating women, I might argue that it's already succeeded.
Maybe the creator of the above list thought a state could succeed only if it coerced just men, but not women.
Needles aren't so scary, but massive spikes that someone intends to use as a needle can be frightening.
bc is probably doing Java.
I was afraid you'd gotten frustrated and drunk a bottle or two of whisky.
rusty gave me a 1.
It felt good to be noticed.
No, use the open command on the file menu.
dissassembled
No, it just means someone born in Israel.
Because, dmg, it's important to realize that she's biased and thus ignore her.
bc  <center alight=right> text </center>
Old Guys
I wish I were a Jew born in Israel.
Black, too.
That would rock.
One can't be half muslim.
I hope he's a godfearing atheist.
We've been over this already, shoeboy.
Lagging?
There, an expert weighs in.
Can one be a halfatheist?
So, you're a Christian, even though you're an atheist, dmg?
That's nonsense.
Troll.
Christians don't have concepts of right and wrong!
No, I'm not interested in your absurd Christian atheism.
Just shut up.
I get some fucking annoyed when people use their own bizarre meaning for a common word and thereby think they're saying something profound.
some > so
bc, that logo looks like it was drawn by a child \
bc, how are the search results sorted?
They always make it so obvious.
A regular wanker, anyway P
I press the Remove button on my ban windows, bc!
It's quite nice!
You seem to find a certain appeal in accusing women of being gay men, RobotSlave.
Plenty of people never work out but don't get breasts.
Is it alcohol, or just the empty calories in alcohol?
I've always been told that it was just that beer has so many calories.
Well, I'll be!
You're right.
shoeboy, you're being mean.
Don't forget finding who has the largest vocabular.
He is a geek and has always been one for as long as any of us have known him.
You're an idiot.
I know.
If you think that the word geek needs to be used in whatever godforsaken part of the world you live in for you to be a geek, you're an idiot.
shoeboy may hate himself, but he loves his penis.
Do all the happy couples breeding during spring annoy you, RobotSlave?
He does it on purpose, to annoy you.
In fact, most everything that happens does so to cause you annoyance, RobotSlave.
I'm hungry 
I can provide such a list.
DOS 1.
0 retailed for $2,452.
In unadjusted dollars.
You faint, rather.
Like a Victorianera woman.
I consider passing out to be more appropriate when there is a physiological cause, like heat, hunger, or vodka.
At least you don't cry at the sight of needles.
Do you faint when witnessing someone being stuck with something else, like say, a sword?
What about a pin prick that draws blood?
Hello, luisanna.
What've you got tonight, RobotSlave?
I caught that.
Which particular cheap domestic beer in cans?
You could do worse, or so I'm told.
I don't drink cheap domestic beer in cans.
So I can't really say.
That I am, zikzak.
Funny.
Most people start forgetting things after they drink.
No, maybe not that in particular.
bc, cigarettes smoke you.
Or so we're told in the states.
Have somewhere you need to be tomorrow morning?
Fantastic.
I was dragged into work today, solely to find out that somebody elses problem was wickedly masquerading as my problem.
Smoking also allows the lungs to absorb more oxygen into the bloodstream, increasing energy.
Each breach is like a shot of power!
breath
RobotSlave, we're not interested in your facts, since they often turn out to actually be factual.
And that's irritating.
bc is full of fun fact, for sure.
I've never smoked anything at all, whatsoever.
bc, penis, I'm betting.
Many women have penishate.
I swear, I am still laughing about Peter Johnson.
That's never going to stop being funny.
Come on, his name is Peter Johnson!
What sort of parents would name their kid that?
sex is usually used for vagina, but I guess it could go either way.
I don't think I've ever called someone that, or any other insulting name.
Bed is for sleeping.
I dare say my will supersedes god's.
zikzak, it's most fun when she's nowhere near being able to suck anything at all.
Try it.
Yeah, but what does a moan weigh?
Yeah, bc, but when you're holding her wrists together and doing her from behind, what's she really going to suck?
That, right then, is when you say suck it
Where the fuck did this other boy come from?
Stop being perverted, luisanna.
Nobody is going to tie anyone up.
And that's final.
Because I said so.
If any of you tie anyone up, I'll smite you.
So help me AngelEyes because I actually am god, see, I'll smite you.
Hello.
The defilement age has been pushed back to about nothing at this point, RobotSlave.
Sorry.
Babies are doing it in daycare.
What exactly is a love swing?
But how much of kindergarten do you actually remember, zikzak?
Maybe .
04% of it?
That leave 99.
96% of your kindergarten time to be having sex.
I have no personal memories beyond about a week ago.
I can remember skills and such, but not what happened to me.
And more importantly, how were her bits?
I could, zikzak.
Not really, zikzak.
I was overachieving when young.
Mellowed out as I got older.
You're awful.
She was probably scarred for life.
You ruined that girl's life, bc.
She still cries herself to sleep at night, can't hold a job, can't make a relationship work.
She's a wreck, and she will be forever.
Thanks to you.
Yet another poor soul ever changed for the worse because of your cruelty, bc.
bc raped himself at a very young age 
Thankfully, it was consentual.
Or just ugly.
zuul, pregnancy?
Nothing we want to see, em.
Hello, elby.
You're a darling emotional wreck, rather.
With feathers?
You can't, obviously, elby.
luisa| is talking about heroin.
There's a lot of that about, elby.
That's absurd.
A long courtship mustn't have sex.
The sex comes afterward.
I'm not sure you mean much by love other than ooh, that one looks nice.
Frankly.
ooh, that one looks nice
You'd be content to love a boy who had flaws?
I don't have flaws, and that's why I'm too good for your love.
I challenge anyone to name one of my flaws.
It's quite impossible, since I have none.
But I have, zikzak.
I just gave it anonymously so you wouldn't feel indebted.
I adore you, luisa|, as you well know.
The thing to remember about luisa is that she's having sex right now.
Keep that in mind, and everything else makes sense.
RobotSlave, again, facts are boring.
Let's just say cashmere comes from angels.
Why not?
We can say anything at all in here.
Do you have a thing for girls who demand that you steal a policeman's helmet?
Also, keep in mind that bc too is having sex right now.
Welcome back luisa!
Well, the indiscriminant sexing didn't help your reputation, bc.
He's had to replace his bits twice.
They wore out from overuse.
bc> I've had to replace my bits twice.
They wore out from overuse.
There you see it.
That's funny, since bc is synonymous with evil.
That was incoherent, elby.
Just like bc!
The pig girl or the human girl?
You've several times claimed that you killed a girl during sex.
But you said.
You even told me all the sickening details!
Yes, what a preposterous thing to say!
HAHAHA indeed!
I knock your sugar off, bitch
Yeah, elby, not an ounce of truth.
Jesus christ, elby, he was going to kill us over a little IRC ribbing!
erm, wrong window
Yeah, well, fuck people.
With a sharded glassstuded dildo.
That's what I say.
Haha, think blood, babe.
Lots o' blood, 'cos that's what it looks like.
It disturbed me the first few times, yeah.
You'd be amazed what one can get used to.
Something like that.
I'm listening.
OK, that's disgusting.
Freak.
Because you don't know anything about it?
Damn it, RobotSlave.
cyn is here.
Someone should ban her so we don't have to worry about corrupting the innocent.
OK, man, whatever you say.
I learned all I know about sex in a locker room
Note the quotation marks.
What if that one person where Dr.
Laura?
Not unlike prison sex?
With a bat.
I could get used to that
I could get used to that
I'm bored 
I'm bored 
Something like, say, food?
Something like, say, food?
It's a block away!
It's a block away!
Go on and walk.
It'll be an adventure.
Go on and walk.
It'll be an adventure.
Good idea.
Whiskers contain protein!
Good idea.
Whiskers contain protein!
Mix the flour with water to make paste.
Mix the flour with water to make paste.
Use the paste to stick all your furniture to the ceiling.
Use the paste to stick all your furniture to the ceiling.
I told you.
I told you.
Right here Use the paste to stick all your furniture to the ceiling.
Right here Use the paste to stick all your furniture to the ceiling.
Then you'll have an open area to dash around with and play with a puppy, or what not.
Then you'll have an open area to dash around with and play with a puppy, or what not.
with > in
with > in
Flourbased paste isn't that strong, zikzak
Flourbased paste isn't that strong, zikzak
You could dial 1800PIZZA4U and have done with it.
You could dial 1800PIZZA4U and have done with it.
Is he going to starve to death rather than eat pizza?
Is he going to starve to death rather than eat pizza?
That's his choice.
That's his choice.
I have an oven the size of a closet.
It's more an incinerator, really, and I use it for my enemies.
I have an oven the size of a closet.
It's more an incinerator, really, and I use it for my enemies.
I'd hate to think I'd been putting my enemies in my furnace.
I'd hate to think I'd been putting my enemies in my furnace.
I heard about autocannibalistic nervosa earlier.
It kind of worried me.
I heard about autocannibalistic nervosa earlier.
It kind of worried me.
To lose weight, no less.
To lose weight, no less.
What if I have autocannibalistic nervosa?
What if I have autocannibalistic nervosa?
Will I be diagnosed before it's too late?
Will I be diagnosed before it's too late?
How can you be sure?
How can you be sure?
I saved my thumbs for last, because they seemed the most useful 
I saved my thumbs for last, because they seemed the most useful 
Damn, you're smart, em.
Damn, you're smart, em.
Yeah, you're moth is dry as a bone.
Yeah, you're moth is dry as a bone.
Yeah, like the tree.
Yeah, like the tree.
Or bush.
Or bush.
Freakish, even, zikzak.
That's what the doctors said.
Freakish, even, zikzak.
That's what the doctors said.
You don't often hear a medical professional say freakish.
You don't often hear a medical professional say freakish.
Yeah, tell yourself that.
Yeah, tell yourself that.
My bedtime is whenever I happen to pass out.
What's it to you?
That was the idea.
If that's Wittgenstein's whole point, he wasted a lot of words.
Also serves well as a thick, dry tome to take to the coffee house.
Germansounding names are great for that.
I don't think I've had all that much.
I had bratwurst and a carnival, but that can't count.
zikzak, maybe I want to look pretentious.
Reading a large, dry tome with a Germansounding name on it.
And soon, babies!
Their stories you mean, I hope.
Their works written on their skin in their own blood?
I imagine your volume must be fantastically rare.
You've been watching the wrong ones, zikzak.
And sound!
Oscarworthy scores.
Of course, the Oscar has to go to one of them.
So the reference goes nowhere.
Certainly not.
Positive.
Haha, neither do you, and look at all those nifty books he likes?
Yeah, think about that.
When was the last?
Or a guy.
I'm not here to judge.
That's not so long ago.
I wouldn't even say it was long ago at all.
You're doing well.
Get a California king size mattress, Janus, for when you have some sexy ladies over.
Janus, take off all your clothing, throw your mattress out the window, then hang out the window yourself screaming incoherent obscenities.
Trust me, it'll be fun.
Probably long after.
Good idea, clarity.
You'll have to be more careful not to burn yourself, though.
I suggest Seagram gin, it's the best.
I have three gins, now.
Bombay Sapphire, Citadel, and Tanqueray no.
They're all quite different and all delicious.
It's wildly different than almost anything, zikzak, so I forgive you.
That wasn't my impression.
Hello, Janus.
Hello, seventypercent.
Good to get that all out of the way.
Yes, it turns out that bc is a bit of a homosexual
I don't know what you mean by that.
I don't have a fans list 
You're so insane.
1 There is no devil.
2 If there were, you could not beat him.
cyndrekit.
Did you catch that, Janus?
Using a strategicallychosen nickname, one can trick girls into using terms of endearment.
There you go!
Oh hush, cyndrekit.
You've no use for sexiness.
Hello, folks.
Hello, bastard.
Just keeping you on your toes.
You haven't got twelve hours in you, it seems.
You were too on last night.
I talked to you this morning, even!
I even called you.
I can look it up.
I can order hardcopies from Cingular.
I can mail you one.
Give it up.
No, it was this morning, Wednesday morning.
You're completely mad!
OK, OK.
Maybe I forgot about a day.
Wouldn't be the first time a day has just kind of missed me.
It wasn't an important day.
Apparently.
And drugs.
luisa|, he's having a fit.
Talk to the poor boy.
Did you just find yourself alone, bored, with an incredible urge to sit down and type?
Then park your candy right there, sugar buns, and waste some time.
No, no, it's slang, you know.
Slang for buttocks.
Do you think I should /msg you, luisa, and get to the bottom of things?
I wasn't in the mood, and now we have a majority.
No, no, like I said, I don't really care to.
Did you finally finish your resume, or at least finish it enough to apply for that job?
I don't.
My boss usually takes me aside to tell me what a great job I'm doing.
What did you tell him?
He said both of those in one speech?
How odd.
Speaking of loose ends.
He should've offered you the opportunity to collect their wages, too.
My boss strikes me as the sort who'd be very bad at that sort of conversation, too.
It worries me, sometimes.
I'd prefer to have frequent, mild correction, rather than to let things build unaware.
1926 <bc> you can paste that to her if you want, except for this line, which it probably isn't a good idea to paste at all.
Well, damn.
I think I did that exactly backwards.
Well, I'm not worried about getting fired.
I just want to be doing as best a job I can!
Balancing what?
When you've no money, it's probably important to do that.
Yeah, so you know that you have $43.
Hooray!
Didn't I guess high?
I was trying to be encouraging 
No, he's close to tears because of you.
He was carrying on like it!
It's not a joke at all, you awful girl.
What then?
Grimly illustrated?
You've taken to reading children's books?
They say IRC causes one to regress.
Damnation.
I need food.
Making dinner is a real pain, sometimes.
You're sitting on your 'puter.
How can you be washing dishes?
I have one of those.
Can't say I've ever used it.
I got it to within about $10 and gave up.
I just don't care.
My bank accounts.
Why don't you find out and get back to us, Janus?
Pristine and unused, eh?
You're going to a Buffy event?
Ha ha.
He's a Mexican.
He's bound to say all sorts of strange things.
OK, do that.
We all know how many attractive women like Buffyoriented social events.
Ooh, Seattle has 27 people.
I should go!
Damn, the choice of venues.
An arcade in Seattle, a Denny's !
in Renton, or some place I've never heard of in Kent !
Why not?
It's low class.
Kent is low class too, hence the exclamation mark next to it.
I think Renton might also be, but I can't remember which one Renton is.
Are they potentially meeting anyplace better than Denny's or an arcade?
Anyway, diners can be charming, but Denny's isn't.
McDonalds!
I think the Seattle one should meet in crack park.
That would be funny.
I can't remember when I last had fast food.
I don't like to eat it when I don't have to.
It's low class.
Not really.
I just thought I'd start mentioning every time I thought something was low class.
Yes, it is, but I'm not a snob, so it's OK.
I enjoy mingling with the proletariat, actually.
You've the idea.
It's like a petting zoo, though hopefully with no petting.
That's what my mum says, too.
She thinks I'll have quite my fill of commoners soon enough, and look back on my present attitude someone sheepishly.
somewhat
I want to have surgery.
I have for years, because the thought of being cut open just arouses me indescribably.
I can't figure out how to necessitate it, though 
That's not enough.
I want someone's hands on my internal organs.
I could die!
How much would that cost?
Being patched up.
Actually, I'd just not carry any ID and refuse to say who I was.
Like suckers, though, I bet they wouldn't be able to resist.
I'll go to Harborview.
They're always treating people for free.
I wish my insurance was through an HMO.
I like the idea of begging to be treated for some lifethreatening illness and having a paperpusher tell me no.
No, I couldn't.
They don't just let people move there.
I'm a Bolivian citizen, actually.
No, I was raised in South Africa.
It's kind of absurd.
I've hardly been to Bolivia, but I was born there by Bolivian parents, so here I am.
I need to stop lying.
I'm an American citizen, by virtue of being born here and living here my entire life 
Sorry 
There aren't 11 hours in a night.
I don't know who he thought he was fooling.
He's in Seattle.
Sunny, sunny, Seattle.
Seattle is 47 degrees north, maybe.
I got it right!
Seattle is 47 32' N    122 18' W
Glasgow                    55 52' N      4 17' W
That's slightly north of Moscow.
luisa||| love, hello.
But I've only woken up.
No, RobotSlave, I'm well enough.
Thankyou for your concern, though.
I'm not sure I understood luisa's remark myself.
I love being employed, but actually going to work is sometimes a drag.
I'm happy enough when I get there, but the prospect often gets me down.
Hello, folks.
Why, it's elby.
Haha, you zinged us all.
Damn, we're losers!
I mean, holy fuck.
It's not?
I don't have any clocks, and it's dark.
My head is full of darkness.
intriguing.
Well, we're going to do something about that tonight.
Hello, you magical little porcelain pork ring.
I'm going to turn all the lights on and crack my head open.
I call them pukeawhirls.
If you call them pukeawhirls, everyone will know what you're talking about.
Haha, poor bastard.
Serves him right though, for his acting career.
forgiven
But ugly.
You would like Highlander.
Why couldn't they get an actual Spaniard to play the Spaniard?
luisa|, drink some water, but just a little bit.
To make the water go down smooth, mix a bunch of scotch into it.
I still refuse to believe that one can make a martini sans gin.
I flatly deny the possibility.
Drinking tequila at a Scottish pub is absurd.
If one's going to bother with a Scottish pub, one might as well drink Irish stouts and whisky.
Damn it, that's what I call him.
Cut that out.
What precisely is an orgasm?
The drink
An alcoholic drink should be simple, and should be at least 3/4th liquor.
It's pretty good!
God damn it.
I can't lie to you.
Cola in scotch is the worst fucking thing imaginable.
I still hate bc for that one.
It's horrible.
It tastes absolutely awful.
I used a good blend, and a good cola, and ended up with crap.
It was the only time I've ever had trouble drinking an alcoholic beverage.
On no, that's not true.
I can't get sake down, either.
So you've finally decided to pursue women.
It's about time.
But you must pursue girls.
Nice shoes.
Wanna fuck?
If the boots were really extremely tall, you could creep inside one and hide.
Maybe just wear the medium boots.
Yeah, drink enough scotch, year after year after year, and you'll start thinking like he does.
And a bright, bulbous nose.
And larger breasts.
At least men get larger breasts.
My head hurts!
Protecting the channel from spybots, mate.
I don't follow.
Oh shut up, elby.
You told me to ban him!
Damn it.
Will someone kindly take the time to keep me abreast of policy changes?
Last I heard, we hated spybots.
You ran a background check on Dawgg.
What is his favorite color?
You're perverse, bc.
Masturbate while thinking of Michelle.
luisa's too delicate and refined to say masturbate.
Note that doesn't mean she's too delicate and refined to do it, constantly.
It's unnerving.
I know that RobotSlave has thought about luisa while masturbating, but he imagines her a gay man, so it doesn't really count.
Or maybe it does.
I'd have to think about that.
His nickname is a reference to his sexual proclivities.
Sex is like a good yawn.
It feels appropriate sometimes, but isn't the sort of thing one'd want to do all the time.
I'm thinking of becoming a luisasexual for a while.
Maybe for the evening.
Fill that round li'l tumtum with whisky.
If you're to carouse, it's only fair that your nipples be allowed to also.
You should wear a blouse with little holes cut so they can peek out and greet everyone.
Oh well,  it was a good idea.
Not for anyone, necessarily.
In fact, it turned out to be a bad idea for everyone.
But it was a good idea in itself.
As a splash of pure thought, it was beautiful!
I think it's questionable that you prefer pale skin but get all huffy when the pretty boys do.
Watch this.
bc, GIVE UP, NOW.
Don't argue.
Give up.
Submit.
You're arguing though, and I can't say I like it.
You must be only a very little French.
You're OK.
That's true.
My ethnicity is UK  Iberia.
What would you do with a whip, silly girl?
Self flagellation wouldn't suite you, and if you tried to whip anyone else, they'd only take it away from you.
So, you're best off without a whip.
Nobody likes being whipped.
I don't.
Thankfully.
I couldn't.
I could learn to enjoy whipping, for sure!
I suspect I already do enjoy it.
Hardly.
Being tied up would be absurd, and potentially unpleasant.
I'm an atheist.
I didn't like this coming from dmg and I'm not going to like it coming from you.
Night!
Being bound would be annoying, I'd think, and being hurt is, well, painful.
That's why being told that one could enjoy being hurt is so counterintuitive.
I value my personal sovereignty.
Part of being an independent, selfcontained human person is having freedom of motion!
Humiliation?
No, just annoyance.
I don't get mad.
I get even.
You would like it for the very reason you just claimed I would.
I wouldn't like it because I'm not averse enough to it.
Nobody likes being merely annoyed.
Right.
It's not humiliating, bc, just annoying.
Like many annoying things, though, there might be a good reason to do it.
Like what luisa is saying.
Being tied to a cinder block and thrown off a bridge would be really annoying, though.
I don't think I have enough patience to indulge anyone that far.
What if the person promised to dive down and rescue you?
What if you were a Highlander and could live under water?
What if there wasn't any water under the bridge, only rocks and thorny brush?
Yes you do.
You always wondered that?
I suppose that's excusable.
People who speculate on fiction like that are pathetic.
It's all made up, anyway, so just make up the answer.
Actually, you're rather fond of me.
Captivate, I think you mean.
I'm going to start crying just as soon as I remember how.
bc, don't.
Don't attack like that.
You always regret it later.
Oh hush, silly boy.
uh, bc, hilltop didn't identify himself.
RobotSlave.
All the speakeasy people pinged out.
Serves you right for not going with ATT!
Right.
Let us know what you come up with.
Not really.
I was watching part of the Star Trek where Wesley falls in love with the monster.
I could really related with that.
He finally scored a chick, and she turns out to be a frickin' monster.
He gets to live in space and goof around.
Eigh feet tall, covered with fur, with big teeth and claws.
You know, monster.
No, she's good.
She's just a monster.
However, she can shapeshift into a prettyish girl.
On reflection, if she can shapeshift, I'm not sure why she didn't shapeshift into an even prettier girl.
Well, that's where the episode started to lose me.
She was apparently a monster princess or diplomat or something and had monsterish duties to perform, as well as a strict monster governess who really busted Wesley's balls.
There are just so many war movies.
I'm not sure why everyone feels the need to make one.
A miniseries is kind of a poorly acted, badly scripted, indulgently edited movie that's then cut into pieces.
Indulgent editing is practically a prerequisite for a miniseries since the director is trying to stretch a story that would make a brisk, two hour film into a six to eight hour behemoth.
How many episodes are there?
OK, that's not quite the sort of miniseries I was thinking of.
Do you remember the madefortv remake of The Shining, staring the fellow from Wings in Nicholson's role?
But the vets, you know.
Apparently they really did change commanding officers three times in an episode.
Did they keep dying?
I wonder how many COs of mine will be wounded, killed, or fired when I'm drafted to go fight in Iraq.
Actually, I have a feeling that somehow, I'm going to be the very first American killed in this next Iraq war.
I just know it.
don't be surprised if your liver shuts down, your hair falls out including facial, armpit and pubic, and you get colitis that progresses to cancer.
If I don't stop abusing alcohol and prescription, nonprescription, and street drugs, my liver is probably going to die too.
Then I'll be screwed, and can have medical students poke at me then tell folks about it online.
Oh well.
What can one do?
Naw, I'll just get runofthemill cirrhosis.
Oh, I meant to ask you, is autocannibalistic nervosa an actual disorder, or was someone just being creative?
Google has never heard of it 
Nothing about that German guy?
I still can't believe that.
Well, I guess I believe it, but I don't understand it.
We can't all be medical nerds.
Damn it, what about all those people who eat themselves?
There must be.
That's awesome.
People are so crazy.
I love them.
I'll have to go through that site sometime and find some nifty disorders I can pretend to have.
Well, who isn't.
At least around here.
I felt kind of bad today.
I was in a room with maybe fifty other people, and the speaker was describing having met with with a kid who was having disciplinary problems.
Anyway, at one point in the interview, the speaker described how the kid's father had turned to him and said, This is all a problem because you're so fat!
I had to stifle a laugh, but what made me feel bad is that everyone else appeared concerned and empathic.
I'm always laughing at inappropriate things.
I'm genuinely amused.
Other people's suffering is often funny.
Hooray!
I'm not antisocial.
I don't know.
Diagnosing myself, I'm mildely narcissistic, and schizoid.
That's not so bad.
I wish I had that one, then.
Well, I wouldn't kill anyone, I'd just score a lot.
I tend to do that anyway \
I guess where I really didn't match with the description of an antisocial is the impulsiveness.
I tend to be very deliberate.
I have an abstract sense of guilt, sometimes.
Kind of a facination with how wrong what I did was.
I very rarely do anything that makes me feel guilty either 
Night!
We were diagnosing our mental disorders, Janus.
It was pretty fun.
haha, chump.
Oh, I'll be watching.
Did you figure out whatever it was you were going to?
I forgot.
Right!
So what did?
You've a partner now?
When did you last?
Were they the sort of women you'd want, or would any success at all be appreciated at this point?
Well, did you even try, or did you sit sullenly nursing a drink?
Well, better luck tomorrow, eh?
Or was today ladies night at the bar P
Monopolize her with his gay blather.
Did you chastize him?
See, that's what you get for having friends.
I don't respect gays, that's for damn sure.
Well, don't let it get you down.
I'm sure he won't be there tomorrow, and if he is, you can smash him over the head with a heavy glass.
Then you'll score like mad!
There's not much that can't.
You have to play the odds, though, not the possibilities.
It has.
But it's a crappy method, for sure.
You'd be well off being loud, fasttalking, and caustically witty.
That should do the trick.
I'm just saying.
I mean, you're the one who can't pick up a chick in a bar.
Like luisa?
It's a valid lifestyle choice, I feel.
Perhaps this person's gaydar is merely a bit haywire?
I tend to agree, actually.
Hitting on someone whenever you know it won't be appreciated is rude.
No, you should write to Mr.
Savage.
That's a great idea.
Flip a coin.
That often helps clarify one's desires.
Heads.
Damn it.
That's the point.
You're not necessarily supposed to do what the coin says.
Nighty.
And some liquor.
But it has OO.
Sweet, beautiful OO.
Noblest of the programming paradigms.
The brilliance of OO was realizing that everything is a .
thing.
A thing!
Imagine that!
What isn't a thing?
Only they call things objects, to get the cool acronym.
Still, the insight is there.
shoeboy is a .
bat ass.
Oh man.
VBScript has regular expressions.
I don't follow.
Yeah, VBScript has that.
I want a Office helper AI based on cyndrekit.
hehehe it looks liek your writing a letter ;
You aren't writing a letter; you're writing a novel, and you misspelled like, idiot.
I hate you for what you make me do.
Planning on having company?
Your poor mother.
She was probably worried sick!
Then smoke clove cigarettes.
You'd die with joy.
The bizarro, perverse twin of the normal Wal Mart?
Yeah, I'm going to the fucking Wal Mart to pick up a AssMaster 300XL.
My goodness.
In America, cigarettes are never more than $1.
50 a pack.
shoeboy, where did you hear this?
Quit fighting about cigarettes.
What should I do?
You, #adequacy, get to decide!
I don't smoke.
I don't know how to smoke and I doubt I could figure it out.
No, I'm never going to sully my lungs with smoke.
We used to grow tobacco.
Do black youth appreciate cognac?
I had no idea.
I know little about black culture, though.
What do kids drink, in general?
No, older than that.
I hate you.
Women, too.
You'll regret it in the morning.
Alcohol is Bad News.
Nor ponder them.
Just drink up!
I once had a bottle of 135 year old whisky.
It was pretty good.
The very best is those corked vodkas.
That makes me laugh and laugh.
A whole bottle is too much, and I don't like to share.
Poland?
Watches are impossible to make.
Don't think I haven't tried.
Carving those tiny gears out of soapstone is an exercise in frustration.
If Star Trek wasn't a satisfying story, I don't know what was.
Replicators can create matter, but not energy.
Keep that in mind.
I don't think there would be any social ramifications.
Life with replicators would be pretty much the same as it is now.
I don't follow.
Or fields of wavelike particles.
Almost certainly.
I guess, ennius_, that in the future, software is still software.
OK, geek overload.
Shut up.
If I could actually feel people's pain, I imagine I'd hurt others even more.
There was a setting 13 that caused bad luck when fired.
There was a setting #9 which droned on endlessly and nonsensically.
How do you know that he didn't have a wang in most episodes?
Maybe he just didn't use it in most episodes.
I have a bottle of pure pain.
I'm afraid to open it.
You're thinking about it too much ennius_.
HAHA WOMEN ARE TEH SUCK
I mean.
Well, I respect women, for their achievements.
Their many, many achievements.
Too many to name!
I couldn't possibly start.
Women invented radiation, yes.
Women also invented wheat.
That's disgusting.
I can't believe you read such tripe.
The first woman to settle in Europe was a woman, elby.
That's important.
Oh man, ain't that the truth.
Women love talking!
I can't stand it.
Having to listen to some goddamn woman's voice for more than five minutes at a time just drives me up the wall.
Women invented sexual harrassment.
luisa, its your own damn fault.
From what I've heard, nobody could resist tweaking those nipples.
Is it a unitit in the middle?
With tweaky nipples.
Not so soft as too be plush.
Who else does that?
manly firm, you mean.
If that's not a confession, RobotSlave.
They're professionals.
Of course they know what would work.
bc, how about a pebble?
Isn't much simpler than that.
Damn French words.
Lingerie?
Look at it.
Sounds like something ennuiee would do.
Pervert.
I don't need either of those.
Well, ice cubes are convenient.
And I always carry a blindfold, in case I stumble upon Medusa.
There was an entire ice age before electricity was invented.
You wouldn't be allowed to sleep 'til frickin 3pm in the olden days, luisa.
You do that.
Shut up.
We're due for another one, soon.
That's going to rock.
No, no, another space rock.
Seventyfive miles across!
Yeah, and it's going to hit RobotSlave, end on.
A spear from heaven.
You are kind of queer, bc.
It's OK to be queer in here.
We're accepting.
What first piqued your interest in Wisconsin, anyway?
You can't always found it facinating.
You hadn't heard of it at one point!
What about it fascinates you?
What is the weather?
You should move there, bc.
What I wouldn't give to be superman!
Man, that would be great.
CryptoKnight is a nifty cryptography package.
Is this story going somewhere?
And now that we're here, I bet we all wish we were elsewhere.
Speaking of protruding nipples, hello luisa!
A shrike once impaled a mouse on one of luisa's nipples, leaving it to die.
Normal breasts with spikes.
Nobody would understand a damn word you said, bc.
I want an mp3 of Jin reading books.
pfft, women have no use for pornography.
I don't believe that.
I cling to my belief that women are sexless creatures.
I don't know!
Is it too bad?
I can't live without knowing 
I'm going to start reading romance novels for my own enjoyment.
ennuiee, inappropriate.
This is a PG13 channel.
I'll start reading them on the bus!
Yes, luisa, that's what piqued my interest.
I want more!
I try to avoid obvious solutions to simple problems, luisa.
I'll think about it for a while and come up with something that has never been tried before.
luisa is just insanely jealous of Jin, because Jin has what luisa most aches for 
Jin is actually a woman
She does have a sexy voice, bc.
Too many Texans have such generic, grating voices.
They get the job done, for sure, but aren't very nice to listen to.
You don't have several accents.
Can you sound like Cheech, ennius_?
That would be awesome.
What's wrong with McSweeney's?
I've submitted to McSweetney's several times, always under assumed names, though, out of shame.
The problem, bc, is that by the time you finish one of your essays, it has become irrelevant.
fi, as #adequacy's resident medical expert, I have a question for you.
You get halfway through, RobotSlave?
Heavens, you've far more endurance than I do.
I know I'd start killing as soon as I figured out what had happened.
I'd kill the girls right off, to help presever stability.
preserve
ennius_, luisa has a penis, just in case you care.
I'd just kill and kill and kill, until someone took me out.
I'll fight him for you, bc.
Whatever.
Being killed would be better than being stuck on an island with you freaks.
And if I get to kill, hooray!
I couldn't stand it.
I thought he meant a smaller island, ennuiee.
I think I could bear being on an island the size of Britain with bc.
You've not done this before, have you, ennuiee?
There's no calling anyone.
No, we get dumped on the island and there's a lot of starving and bitching.
Maybe some fighting.
After the fighting and starving and bitching is over, there's either food and more bitching or death.
If the former, then people start fighting for the women.
So don't get ahead of yourself.
Maybe, luisa.
It just never works that way, ennuiee.
I've been stranded on tropical islands four times, and it was always pretty much teh same.
It doesn't matter.
He's not going to frickin have a zipzap car.
You can't have them.
You're allowed one set of clothing, and one of the following dental floss, a book of matches all used, or a key.
fi, are you ready to answer my medical question?
You didn't phrase it right, luisa.
fi, in your opinion is it credible that a person might be too overcome by the feeling of some mundane experience to respond coherently?
Like, might someone faint from the feeling of being kissed, because it was too intense.
That sort of thing.
Have you heard of any such disorder?
God damn it, no you haven't.
Except that you lie and lie and lie.
She claims to be overcome by the sensation of being kissed, whatever that means.
You sound like it.
OK, I can accept that she has some sort of psychological disorder.
I was unwilling to accept that the simple feeling of something would incapacitate her.
A feeling of thirst isn't an emotion.
Right, paralysis.
Like he just said.
Oh, you sit there unable to move, but you're not paralyzed.
Six of one, half dozen of the other, if you ask me.
woo, there's a diagnosis.
Experience will probably teach you to break that a bit more gently, fi.
I think you're too selfabsorbed to have any hope of telling whether they mind or not.
It's nonsense.
How much have you cleaned so far?
Not much, huh?
Get to work!
When what's his face calls, tell him that.
He'll indulge you, I'm sure.
He will.
Better than you.
Since you're justa  boi.
Hardly rates.
Can you give us an example of such a poem, bc?
Then do so, please.
But who would want to?
Was she too good to tweak her own?
The author is clearly jealous that she can't afford to pay people to tweak her nipples.
I worked as a nipple tweaker, for a while.
The RSI drove me out of that job, though.
Yeah, that's a real shame.
That's not true.
I keep detailed records of my finances, and I've made money off of some women.
Even when factoring in lost earnings potential and what not.
You're doing it wrong.
There's no reason you can be having sex and making money.
oops P
Works for me.
Tell you what, I'll give you a buck every time you have sex with a really hot guy.
OK, I'll give you a $100 if you have sex with this fellow of yours within eight hours.
Just to clarify, you have to start within 8 hours, but needn't finish before the deadline.
I mean, come on.
What could be easier?
Yes, but think what you could buy with $100!
Imagine how much fun you'll have spending it!
How proud you'll be of your hardearned cash!
I'll make it $200 for deviant sex, even.
You can't beat that.
Surprise me.
fi is right.
All we have is trust.
Although proof would be nice.
Are you putting up some cash too?
Well, that's damn big of you, RobotSlave.
You were born before that.
Oh, it was luisa!
How tricky.
I've never met anyone on the bus.
Am I doing something wrong or something right?
Same here, fi.
I'm a little disappointed, since I've heard all these stories.
I don't sit in the corner.
I sit on the aisle seat when the Window seat is empty, rudely taking a whole set of seats for myself.
window
I'd just as soon not have to sit next to anyone on the bus, because they'd likely brush against me.
I don't get bored.
I can identify the point in my life when I stopped being bored, too.
I was 16, I think, working thirteen hour days in an assembly plants.
Making the same damn thing over and over.
After I did that for a few months, I was incapable of every finding anything boring again.
That's odd.
Was I hallucinating?
I do not get bored.
I'm glad I wasn't born a woman in Afghanistan.
I must've been good the previous time around, or whatever.
Someone has to program the computers.
bc, URL?
We think you are Straight and we are 93.
57% confident with our answer.
Yeah, that's right.
It makes your score look positively ambiguous, bc.
Hardly.
The fact that you equate emotional sensitivity to homosexuality says something, though.
It seems to me the two should be unrelated.
Good man.
It's a test of sexual orientation.
fi is cruel?
It's not your homosexual tendencies, bc?
So why were you taking quizes on a queer site, bc?
That's a nice story, but really?
Do you like reading queer sites or are you really a queer?
inclusive or.
Who's this friend?
elby is having no such difficulties.
Well, why would he be worried?
I won't.
I feel terrible, though.
I was carrying on to him the other day about how much I hate homosexuals.
All in jest, of course.
But you know how my jokes don't sound like it.
That was after I threatened to sit on his lawn, shoot up, and then bust his door down and beat him to death with a crowbar in a druginduced rage.
I actually said that.
I suggested that he try to get shoeboy to protect him, bc.
What case?
There are many cases.
Refresh me.
I'm a harddrinking, womanizing detective with a streetsmarts and impeccable instinct, but I can't read your mind.
Right, the Mr.
Big case.
That one is actually cracked, but I'm sitting on it for the sake of suspense.
The superbowl is absurd.
I refuse to observe it.
I don't.
Hooters isn't a bar?
Can't say I've ever ben to one, but I'm pretty sure it's not a bar.
I don't think Janus is allowed in bars.
Your ID is fake.
Yeah, how is she?
Good, good.
When's the date?
Sounds fun.
Let us know how it goes.
That would unnerve me.
Are you sure she wasn't simply demurely avoiding eye contact?
I'm positive he could, Janus, but why would he?
He doesn't live to serve your every whim, bucko.
Somewhat along those lines, though, I might be willing to part with a copy of the luisa sex video for $40, Janus.
With her new boy.
No, not bc.
bc is in Scotland while luisa is in Texas.
He's just some fellow.
Does it matter?
Yeah, another woman.
Explain?
Fantastic.
Any time bc tries to explain something terribly transparent, he becomes so obscure and incoherent it makes my head hurt.
I'm immensely happy for her, bc!
luisa|||, I'm going to have to give you a D for pronoun usage.
40, Janus.
I might be convinced, but you'll have to flesh out your argument a little more.
Well, no.
You'll come around.
200 is a lot of money.
How much would be enough?
To get you to do something you wish to but have bizarre hangups over.
Thinking sex deviant is a hangup.
Knock yourself out.
That's a perspective.
zikzak.
What movie?
Most everything confuses me these days.
I haven't seen that particular film, though.
That's a lot of baldness.
If I've never seen Wrath of Khan, could I enjoy Nemesis?
Then I just won't bother.
What happens with the other 90%?
I hope you noticed that I said .
asp, 'cos ASPs are gay!
Get it?
It's strange that gaypornopolis.
com isn't taken.
I might do that.
I stepped over a line today.
How significant of a line I'm not sure.
I drank liquor straight from the bottle.
Especially not at this point.
I just always considered myself the sort who civily poured a bit in a glass.
That's all.
It came as a shock.
No, I've been married some thirty years.
God, how time flies.
Yes, I'm a bachelor P
A hadn't thought of it like that, but I'm going to insist that's exactly what was on my mind.
A > I.
That mistake irritates me so much, but I keep doing it again and again.
Not just type properly, mind you, but nail the intricacies of English grammar.
The problem is, shoeboy, most people dare I say everyone but you?
aren't as infatuated with your cock as you are.
Man, I'd like a bowl of Cheerios right now.
I'm lactose intolerant, though!
What a positively absurd disorder.
Oh, I'm fine, but drinking milk makes me feel icky.
That's right, milk.
Yeah, the cow stuff that all the kids love.
Sick, to my stomach, you know?
It's positively incredible, unbelievable.
Someone mentioned a drink made of gin, milk, and perhaps some other ingredients to me.
I think it was luisa.
Well, it was luisa who mentioned it, but she wasn't the additional ingredients.
No, no, hilltop.
Welcome!
Man, I really like that girl.
I adore her, you might say.
I haven't tried it.
My milk is dated sometime in October.
I'm hesitant to open it.
Damn it, you can't part after making such a cryptic comment.
Is luisa in channel?
I can't really read the nickname list.
I can't really read anything, actually.
I can just write.
Thank heavens.
I'll speak freely.
My sister once did the very same thing, many, many years ago.
cept I have no frickin' clue what an nalgene bottle is.
You scooped up milk from the floor?
Geeze, man, what does a gallon of milk cost, $5?
Just let it go.
Yeah, whatever.
Prices are unimportant.
Look, unless I can save at least a buck for every minute I work on something, it literally isn't worth my time.
No, shoeboy, that's sweet.
However, you already have a woman.
So cut that crap out.
It's best to devote one's fantasies to the woman one already has.
Ah, man, that's a bloody shame.
I hope you're not taking it too hard.
You're not about to discuss your personal life with sensitive, caring individuals who only want the best for you?
Suit yourself, I suppose.
I'm one of them.
I have an acute compassion for other's pain.
zikzak, I'm so drunk.
I love it.
I'm at that point where I can just barely type semiproperly.
No, I'm not.
Still, cups?
I drink beer from bottles, but first I pour the bottle into a glass.
I can't say I measure it in cups.
Just explain what you were doing in standard english, usuing words according to the definition found in a dictionary.
English
I'm a square, I've always been a square, I'll always be a square, and fuck you.
Yes and good.
hilltop, who the fuck are you, really?
So, off to the kitchen I go.
I'm not going to watch the super bowl.
But it's Super.
RobotSlave, I really am not going to watch the Super Bowl.
I haven't watched any of the past eight, at least.
No, I'm just saying.
There's no reason to watch the Super Bowl.
It's boring!
Quit spamming, bc.
That's all IP is, ennius_.
Sorry, but your idea is an old one.
OK, you're talking about patenting a method of producing content, not copyrighting individual random numbers.
Get yourself a lawyer.
It's probably the depression, RobotSlave.
It's in two hours.
Like you didn't know that.
I looked the ratings numbers up, and apparently 87 million people in the UK watched the 2002 Super Bowl.
You're just a troll.
Sure there are.
You're forgetting to count England, Northern Ireland, and Wales, I bet.
It's like, random and all.
I wish I had some Unix 
What's that?
But I am a jew.
It got it wrong.
A fag are you.
Politically correct fag.
Fag venereal disease.
bc often goes by bce.
Instead of trying to randomly generate an existing text, why not have your program use some sort of heuristics to weed out promising looking randomlygenerated passages and combine them into an entirely machinegenerated SciFi/Fantasy novel.
What are you talking about?
Hello, cyn.
Poor bc.
I drove him off.
I'm missing the super bowl!
I'm the straightest person here, that we know of.
Not at all?
What if it were a huge iron bottle?
Interesting.
What about being shot right in the top of the head?
Especially a bottle made of sugar.
Tools are spendy, but often guaranteed for life.
How do you mean?
I think your obsession with my sexual orientation is queer.
Also, you used the queer, British rather, fagboy.
Oh, it's you.
I bet Alyson Hannigan, or whatever her name is, will be all over him.
Willow from Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
All the girls are so so so cutiecute, fi, you must watch it right NOW!
You'll never be famous.
Yes, it is.
What's wrong with Shania?
I had a roommate who was obsessed with her.
He had a gigantic collection of photographs of nude women with her head pasted on.
No, he did a good job.
Well, I made that up 
So maybe I need therapy.
Well, cyndrekit, I'll just lie on this little couch and you can give me.
therapy.
Prescribe, but who's paying attention.
Is this therapy?
Shouldn't you be asking me about my childhood?
Pretty good, pretty good.
Could've been better in spots, you know, but it was better than most.
The distinction between sanity and insanity is arbitrary.
What advantages does being sane give me?
God damn it.
Just anyone?
How can I get myself declared legally insane?
Well, I'll make some calls tomorrow and look into it.
Unfortunately, if I don't clean my kitchen, it won't get cleaned at all.
hehe, pomiscuity.
What's Virgin Mobile?
How positively sluttish.
We've all known girls like that, though.
Perhaps even known in the Biblical sense.
I like morals.
I can't say I harbor any special fondness for JudeoChristian morality, but at least it's a morality.
I don't really care what's right and what's wrong, but damn it, something has to be.
You could sleep with a plastic bag over your head.
I don't drool in my sleep unless I pass out blind drunk.
Maybe you should try sleeping sober?
Being an empath, luisa knows what it's like to be a drooling man, so don't think her opinion is uninformed.
Decide not to have cancer.
Ingenious.
I'm going to decide to be rich.
But being poor is.
She's going to be pretty surprised when her nonexistant prostate becomes cancerous, RobotSlave.
I hope you're around to see that.
Yeah, what are they?
I believe you.
That right there was convincing.
The um, well really told me you knew what you were talking about.
Hello, folks.
Hi, bastard!
You made me make a fool of myself at work!
I'll tell you in private.
I must have it.
A lot of people are still using 3.
I need 8 gig of memory for what I'm doing now.
All our new ones are coming with 512.
I have 128, and it's really not enough.
I've never understood how an invisible unicorn could be pink.
Again and again, I've heard reference to invisible pink unicorns, but it just doesn't make any sense to me.
Thank heaven's for shoeboy, always cutting through the confusion to get to the heart of the matter.
heavens
One can't help but think of a unicorn's defining feature, and what it evokes.
Anyway, if you want to use a contradiction in terms in your argument, pb, the best place to put it is as the antecedent of a material conditional.
Can't beat htat.
Christ, pb.
I'm drunk as fuck and I'm still doing better at this than you are.
Oh, bc.
Beautiful angel.
K5 works fine for me, love.
Never.
I missed that one, RobotSlave.
I missed the rest of them, too.
You shouldn't be looking at that.
You think a sex video needs to contain sex?
How quaintly 20th century of you.
Not exactly, but she did plenty of gobbling.
Yes, cyn?
Whatever you say, love.
I thought it was selfexplanatory, RobotSlave.
You mayn't eat cyn.
then I'll wind up with a long appraisal of the.
Maybe your colon is a bit over done, RobotSlave.
heh heh.
Sure, Mexican food.
Heh heh.
If you call fat black cock Mexican food!
Oh wait, that wasn't an innuendo.
Sorry.
You were drunk, you were saying?
No, you meant to say it to me.
Should we take it into open channel, then?
Do you want me to tell everyone why you're insisting you were drunk?
OK, love.
I won't.
It's a shame they shut those places down.
I can think of a few women today who would benefit from them.
Yeah, zikzak, even put themselves in moral danger!
Just take a firearm, pansies.
I may have, fi.
I did a lot of very physical things with several nuns this weekend.
There may have been hugging.
I honestly can't recall.
Oh come on, they're not going to up and start killing spics, em.
Get over there.
Hehe, like you care about women.
We know you're linguistisexual, you old fox!
You failing to do jack for the site wasn't cause?
Which of the editors are left?
Then you must be ugly hurst.
I bet I could brainwash cyn into robbing a bank.
A large part of my technique would involve promising to give her a kitten.
Sorry, I got cut off.
A large part of my technique would involve promising to give her a kitten ground into hamburger every day she refused to rob a bank.
I expect you to follow up with, but then I found out that.
No, of course not, shoeboy.
Logic is just something people like em use to torment the rest of us.
Nothing is wrong if it makes you feel good.
I'm at 10.
God damn it.
I did it backwards 
I suck.
I think I wear the same size pants as fi, actually.
If the ratio of your waist to your inseam is 11.
06, that would seem to imply that your inseam is longer than your waist is around.
Don't sweat it.
I screwed it up too!
Mine really is 11.
That's waist 16, inseam 17, by the way.
No way.
I'm already starting to get fat.
I need to do something about it before it gets out of hand.
I've taken to eating nothing but a bowl of oatmeal in the morning and liquor at night.
Is that good or bad?
I get plenty of thiamin.
Is that something else?
I have a vitamin pill with my oatmeal.
I cheat 
Then I'm tempting to give it to myself on purpose!
How long do I need to go without thiamin?
God damn it.
Night, buggy.
I wish there was a substance with the great taste and feeling of liquor, but that wouldn't kill me in sixty different grotesque ways.
All medical professionals make up at least half.
That's why so many medical professionals are also actors.
Do you take a class in how to look concerned when you tell someone that they're going to die?
I regret that I'm going to likely live out the rest of my days without ever truthfully telling someone that they're about to die.
I suspect I'm not really going to do much of anything with the rest of my life except accumulate disorders and syndromes.
Maybe I'll some day have the honor of fi shaking his head and clucking at me some day!
Hello, bc.
I can't stand fiction.
At least K5's fiction.
fi, how's it played?
No, I didn't.
There you go.
When one wishes to refer to an abstract or generalized person, one should refrain from using a secondperson pronoun.
bc, email rusty about it.
He might anonymize all of Dolgan's accounts, bc.
Absolutely.
Dolgan is a little homosexual weirdo.
He'll be upset if all his accounts are anonymized.
Help me rusty.
Help help help me rusty!
nix one of those helps
Man, ISPs in Scotland are nigh worthless.
Let that little bastard burn.
Or, uh, have his accounts anonymized.
nick bc
As obvious as the joke would be, I'm sure hardly anyone would get it.
I'm in the top 85%.
I'm not unhappy, RobotSlave.
Yes, yes, fi, rub it in.
You'll be able to afford luxuries that the rest of us never will be able to.
And not liking porches will be your reason for not buying them.
For the rest of us, mere price is enough.
What's sexerobics, RobotSlave?
You've had a minute, RobotSlave.
I would hate that.
Sexerobics is clearly not for me.
You sure are.
Hello, folks.
If you paypall me a dollar, I'll write a script to do it for you.
paypal
I can't imagine anyone would ever stand you up, cyndrekit.
I'm sure the boy died in route, cyn.
I prefer to warm my cold hands on someone's tummy.
fi, girls just love it when one warms one's cold hands on their tummy.
There just isn't enough time to date, hang with us, and do homework.
So what are you going to give up but dating, really?
I know the true meaning of life.
RobotSlave, your links don't work.
Some day I'll go see that Cinerama.
Yeah, but they're having sex with men.
em, you want ethereal
RobotSlave, I'll pay you $5 if you take a picture of me at such an angle that it looks like the building you mentioned earlier is my giant, errect concrete penis.
You'd do a masterful job, I'm sure, RobotSlave.
Ne'er would there have been a bleaker looking fauxpenis, I'm sure.
Tell us how vinyl is better than CDs, uncle em.
Manually focusing is for chumps.
Computers'll do that for you, these days.
That's the computers way of telling you that you should reconstruct your shot in a more straightforward manner.
In five years, RobotSlave, you're going to have to start worrying about cataracts.
Maybe a bit of gin would lubricate things?
All my clothing is plaid.
Some of it.
Some of it isn't.
Actually, the very fact that there are different styles of clothing and that wearing one or another says things about one's personality is a source of unending annoyance to me.
I remember '86.
I turned 17 that year, and got my first car.
No, I'm not!
I don't much care what you believe.
I spent the summer of 1987 in a hair metal band.
I played the drums, by the way.
Well, they seemed long, but had you timed one of them, zikzak, you would've found that they were actually remarkably short.
Well, it's not one they teach is school, so don't feel so bad.
I don't know what you're asking.
What's more, you're starting to get a slightly creepy edge of desperation to your typing that I'm not sure I like.
At my age, it's a wonder I can figure out how to turn this thingy on at all.
Mmm, that's a lot of booze in you.
Starting to feel sleepy?
What's that over there!
Don't be a pest.
There's not much that can be done when he gets like this, zikzak.
The effect is even more amusing when applied to heads.
Or at least I imagine it must be.
The woman or the person cupping wouldn't notice?
I don't see how that's possible.
She refuses to believe that someone might cup her breast?
I think you've been fed a lot of crap in the classroom, fi.
Then it's not much of a feat.
There was a girl sleeping on one of my busses today, and a chap tried to walk off with her bag.
I looked at him rather harshly, though, and he let go of it.
It was amusing.
shoeboy, no.
Why would you?
Too bad.
Canceling is taking the woman's way out.
Men never admit to making a mistake.
I didn't.
Anyway, stop using the topic for your petty little vendettas.
No, I never did.
Not once.
You'r fantasizing.
You've been avoiding it for years, zikzak, but you're just going to have to give in and marry rich.
Do you have any employees, zikzak?
zikzak, most bank robbers do get away with it, but then, most people have jobs.
So you have to ask yourself.
How do you afford gin, zikzak?
Sometimes, I think I'd be happier without a job, but I can't figure out how I would afford gin.
I worked in a factory for a while, operating a drill press.
I did the drill press for 10 hours a day.
That put one into a trance after a while.
After that, and in the same factory, I screwed little metal pieces together for thirteen hours a day.
That got to be a bit much.
Why do you suppose he's done something similar?
I would tend to doubt it.
I think he's one of the landed gentry.
He claims to be a business analyst of sorts.
You should get a job like that, zikzak.
How do you mean?
I don't think K5 is the measure of the Internet economy, anyway.
Maybe a career in the military is what you want, zikzak.
There's a long tradition of lying about one's age to join the military.
All recruits are bald.
You get to use a firearm, zikzak, and experience camaraderie.
Maybe I'm just trying to get you killed, zikzak.
No, no.
I need you alive, at least until I get the secret to affording gin without working.
Is that what it's going to take?
Well, I've been surprised by what some people have wanted.
What about you?
Either, really, or something else, if you prefer.
Nothing satisfies a craving for buffalo wings quite like buffalo wings do.
Don't take my word for it, though.
Give it a try!
Come over here, ra.
He's probably have sex with some younger, firmer jewess.
having
He still might play pool, though.
Drunken pool.
Sounds like you picked a real gem, ra.
Scratch that, ra, you should date RobotSlave.
He's an artist, you know, so he's bound to be sensitive and what not.
Your artwork screams sensitivity.
I mean that.
Maybe if ra hit the gym more, she'd become the firmer jewess that her boyfriend craves.
I think they live together, too, fi.
In sin.
No, no, we're mostly eccentric geniuses in here.
It'll take a while to pick the wisdom from our ravings, but it'll be well worth it.
ra, I take some things seriously, but only tacitly.
I would never, ever admit to taking anything seriously.
God bless computers, eh?
The real world is full of death, pain, and what not.
I think shooting people is a barbaric solution to anything.
Why not just talk to them instead?
And they would, if you were only firmer.
Really, I think it all comes down to your firmness.
You don't live with yours yet, shoeboy?
I'll take you in likewise, ra, and I'm not as creepy as shoeboy.
shoeboy, a sensible view, but one that so very many people don't have.
No, it would be great.
We'd abuse each other to the utmost until I kicked you out.
He'd be employable enough if he'd just work, but I suppose that's the case with most people of his kind.
Tacky hot pants as opposed to what?
Tasteful hot pats?
The latter is a contradiction in terms, I'm sure.
Janus, ra is a jewess with huge knockers.
Just thought you should know.
I blame fat chicks.
cyn is a fat chick, btw.
I'm just saying, you know.
Hey cyn!
Pringles are a nice snack, but I prefer liquor for my snacking needs.
What was her hard drive full of?
You guessed it fat.
Well, yes, but nothing you wanted to see.
Someone was just making fun of you 
It was 
It was so easy.
I'm a natural.
What are these files?
Your collection of people's heads pasted on to various bodies?
Hey, bc.
She wants you.
Your rakish charm is just too much for women.
Who said that to whom?
Well, one can listen to music while backstabbing.
Heaven knows I do.
A pity.
Queen?
kip is a crazy bastard, that's why.
The good parts will be blurred, shoeboy 
She was, until you kicked her.
Good job.
Well, I was supposed to go into work for a couple hours for this dumb thing I didn't want to go to, but I overslepts.
I overslept because a frickin' fire alarm dumped us all out in the street early this morning.
Ignored the fire alarm?
Way, way too loud.
Oh well.
I don't think I'll catch too much crap over it.
Or, maybe I'll get fired.
I do too.
That's not a bad thought.
Assuming I don't get in too much trouble, though, I'm glad I overslept.
Are there still chess clubs?
I'm thinking of renting a movie.
Does it want Internet?
Yeah, that's not gonna work, vlad.
Uh oh.
I see where this is going.
A private chat, hopefully.
I'm going to the store in a few.
I might get a huge bottle of whisky.
I IRC in my sleep.
bc, what whisky should I get?
I think he just made that up.
Well, refuse to do any work for the next hour.
Take off your pants, prop your feet up on the desk, and smoke.
I once faked an orgasm.
Well, I'm telling the truth.
Arrgh, shiver me testicles!
Hallo, zikzak.
Howdy, kiad.
That's a shame.
I was hoping they had electronic music on Jovian moons.
Not having been to Europa, I don't think you're in a position to say.
You've never been to Europa.
kiad, though, perhaps has.
I would believe that.
To Europa.
It's the icy one.
No, I don't call the moons of Jupiter Europe.
That's absurd.
Does he refuse to wear dresses?
I think you should mock him mercilessly if he doesn't want to come.
Or go with bc's plan.
Promising what one won't give is the surest way to becoming wealthy and powerful.
Let some chump take the fall.
You're on the way up.
Are you still talking about that, bc?
She's got you there, bc.
I hope.
Actually, kiad, blowjobs are up three and a quarter over last month's high.
I'm a nice guy, and I won't tolerate a woman's dirty, vile mouth on my precious baby.
I mean my penis.
On my penis.
I don't think I missed it.
Peer kicks ass.
Peer will beat you down again if you insult me, luisa.
You asked an insulting question.
And Peer smote you!
Kojak isn't a lollipop.
I've been told, repeatedly, that human mouths are dirtier than canine mouths.
While I can't see how that could possibly be true, that's what I've been told.
But canines eat their own feces.
A tongue piercing on a woman just makes her look like a brazen strumpet.
In all fairness, I had you pinned as such before I found out about your tongue.
I cannot tell a lie.
It runs contrary to my unshakable moral principles.
Honesty above all else.
I don't know, lb 
I just don't know.
You've never bought me a pizza, lb, even though I've been bugging you to for, what, two years now?
Yeah, two years is about right.
Two years of begging for spicy pepperoni and sticky melted cheese, all on a handthrown crust topped with pungent sauce.
Don't take it so hard, elbaby.
I haven't had a drop in ages.
It's possible I was asking someone else for pizza all those years, lb.
Someone else named lb.
It's possible.
Don't get smart with me.
That's what I meant, of course.
In the context of IRC, lb is your name.
The taste of alcohol makes me ill.
I can't even bear to smell it.
bc, doesn't em claim to drink four times a year, usually port?
The funny thing is, he's drinking every other damn day, but still, it's only four times a year.
em, also known as \
He's a grad student, bc!
He is.
He's never claimed to be anything but a grad student.
lb, hence the bucket hung beneath your chin?
Yes, he has a certain glib charisma that he uses on the ladies.
He has a special fondness reserved for the less rotundly craniated women.
I know I'm always like this.
I don't know what bc is always like.
I don't even know who he is anymore 
The Japanese are fishy folks.
That was em's work, bc.
I never really got into sushi.
I've had it a couple times, and it wasn't bad, but it didn't leave me wanting more.
lb, you're going mad.
How are we supposed to stay a sophisticated, exclusive online community without our bans?
Once we let the rabble in, lb, it's all over.
Without bits of fish and rice?
Nice work, lb.
My former roommate used to eat excessive amounts of bad sushi.
It was kind of gross.
I've never like Glenfiddich.
He shouldn't indulge you so, not if he wants to keep you.
You'll lose respect for him and get bored, luisa.
I didn't say that he shouldn't indulge her, just that he shouldn't indulge her so.
It's important to tell girls no.
I don't even want to know what you asked for.
Drive you where?
To orallyinduced sexual ecstacy?
I bet so.
Damnation.
I hope this isn't the apocalypse.
Damn it.
Well, literally >
lb didn't make the cut, either.
Hallo, kiad.
Yes, taken to IRC heaven.
Well, it's you, kiad, luisa, and seventypercent.
So, IRC heaven is mostly sex and lectures on communism, I'm guessing.
What about Ethiopia?
bc is a cybersexer 
There's nothing wrong with netsex, bc.
Well there is, in that it's horribly pathetic and disgusting and I'd never do it, but I'm not here to judge.
That's not true, bc.
Remember what you told me?
bc, my little /msg box for you is red.
I wonder what that means.
Oh, right, you want to tell me something.
I'll just mosey on over.
I'll keep quiet.
Oopsie.
I meant that for our /msg box, bc.
I get so sloppy sometimes 
We've hardly met, kiad, but you'r psychologically evaluating me.
I suppose it depends on what one means by met.
I feel we've touched souls, even over this soulless medium, and that you're what I've been blindly searching for all these years.
But no, we've not met.
Why Canada?
I'm going to tell them, unless you do something for me.
Ah, eager to serve.
I like that.
I've nothing for you at the moment, though, but I'll let you know.
What could I possibly want from you, though, really?
How about an original limerick?
Bawdy, but not crude, please.
Oh, computers'll do that for you, these days.
What's wrong?
Other than the whisky situation?
I suspect we've plenty of time while kiad struggles with her poetry.
Is his estate substantial?
You'll be even wealthier than you are already!
Yeah, but you'll be rich.
Money makes it all better.
It means the same thing, fi.
I have to mark you down for for not ryhming and for the sheer spitefulness of it.
But your limerick doesn't make it sound like you're infatu.
Well, if that's how you want to play it, that's how it will be played.
Yeah, everyone says that.
But it's so obvious you do.
Screw up massively when trying to speak English?
He went to a university of no small prestige.
Alcohol and dames, mostly, to hear him tell it.
lb, we were taking a breather.
Right, kiad, you've nothing I want, so no worries.
It's good, zikzak!
I bet there's a site or two online that'll tell you how, bc.
It's a bit bothersome that you're interested, though.
Oh, my apologies.
I'm a bit sleepy.
What a nice young man.
I had.
Nonsense.
I was overcome by gin and milk and had to take a brief moment to myself.
I don't even know what a kitchen owner is, and that's negatively impacts my appreciation of the rest of the piece.
You found a limerich generator?
limerick
That's quite a bit better, fi.
Did you write that?
That's disgusting.
I'm starting to hate you.
Make a couple good ones about cancer and what not to tell patients.
It'll be great.
Well, fi, I'm hardly going to write a limerick about myself, and I don't think any of the rest of you rate.
Abilities are so passe.
In this modern, enlightened time, who needs 'em?
I used to play the jew's harp, as a child.
Hmm, no.
I'm not sure what become of it.
Damn it, he knows he's not allowed to do that, but he just keeps it up.
I doubt there's anything wrong with you that a good bloodletting wouldn't fix.
I can live with that.
I can even sleep soundly knowing that I caused you agony and nausea.
Can you?
I wanted a  up there.
I don't.
What a Victorian ailment.
I just think there's something Victorian about a disease that makes you swoon when emotional.
The suddenly dying when emotional is also Victorian, but somewhat more serious.
You have.
And to think, most people only get to die once.
Ah, and the shock of what happens in the nightmare kills them.
Sorry, that was in poor taste 
I don't think I've ever really had a medical problem of any gravity.
I've had the flu a few times.
Also, I have chapped lips that fi seems unable to cure.
Can't they give you a new, genetically engineered heart harvested from a clone, or something?
Replace heart with brain in my question, then.
I think a better idea would be an artificial heart made of from alien technology stolen from the Area 51 crash site, but I confess I'm not an expert.
LQTS, RobotSlave.
RobotSlave, it causes a person to swoon, and possibly die, when excited or emotional.
Some other stuff too, but that's the interesting bit.
fi, this is a medical setting.
You're the #adequacy staff medical professional.
When you're in here, you're at work.
For what purpose, RobotSlave?
Yes, what is it?
Not being able to blush seems useful indeed.
I'm blushing now 
We have the highest ratio of people who lie about their genders to people who don't of any channel that isn't devoted to such nonsense!
pfft, we banned all the creeps.
All the fatlovers, too.
I think it's amusing that the one thing we just couldn't tolerate was a fatlover.
Yeah, someone who is attracted to obese people, kip.
No, I'm just being lazy with my nickname completion.
I typed ki<tab> hoping to get kiad, but it failed.
Dave Barry?
I knew it.
Janus, really.
They can't trust you to behave in a properly academic manner if you're not at least in grad school.
Yeah, I know how that feels 
You sometimes just want to be believed?
Just for once.
Well, not the diversity bit, but I can really related with being thought a pathological liar.
No, no, RobotSlave.
kiad are kindred, tortured souls.
kiad and I
Don't forget the executive bit, or the senator's mistress bit.
Frankly, the only thing that I've not believed so far is the $300K remark.
I've never heard anything so wildly implausible.
Really.
An objectivist?
A Randian?
I was just clarifying.
I've never met an actual Randian.
Phrased that way, it sounds more plausible.
You just told me that someone offered you $300K to sleep with you, which just defies credibility.
Maybe people just can't resist blowing money on you.
Lord knows I couldn't.
Who, RobotSlave?
Do name names.
I think I'd readily take $300K to have someone, anyone, live with you for three months.
Howdy, zikzak.
You, kiad.
zikzak, take a little break.
Pour yourself some gin and milk.
No, no.
If someone wanted to give me the money to live with you, I'd take it.
The AQ archive, zikzak?
Night, fi.
Yes, it's no good to have the Adequacy be ugly.
Either that or she can read hostmasks, RobotSlave.
In all fairness, she mentioned the condition before he mentioned the paper.
So don't get to paranoid over it.
You tell us, kiad.
I begin to understand your perspective, RobotSlave.
Somehow found out about the Adequacy?
The Adequacy was huge!
It was all over the media for months.
It would've been a feat to not find out about it.
In hindsight, the whole chain of events does seem suspicious.
You did keep asking leading questions regarding an exclusive online community of sinners and savants, kiad, and when I hinted that such a thing might exist, you all but begged for access.
She can faint when unhappy.
That seems potentially useful.
So, RobotSlave, how long do you suppose it'll be before you start with the accusations of gay maleness?
Good, good.
Don't be too abrupt about it, but we are wanting you to deliver.
Sounds like you've thought this through, so I'll leave you to your work!
I'll tell you later, kiad.
For now, though, how do you feel about boys?
Hmm, she got that one right.
No, no, you pass.
I might've said that.
Scrolling up to check would be such a pain, though.
Cheap, domestic beer?
There are several decent breweries in the immediate area, and several more in the Northwest.
I don't drink enough beer to be overly concerened by the price, so I don't really know what's cheap and what's not either.
concerned
20 for a serving of beer seems extravagant.
This is a beer to hoard!
That seems an absurd thing to do.
Can you get anything from Rogue brewery in this area?
I haven't looked really hard, but I haven't seen it anywhere.
I don't think so.
I wanted Shakespeare, but both of my yuppie supermarkets have let me down.
Most people can understand English if it's spoken very LOUDLY and s l o w l y.
Or very dishonest.
Look, if you're not going to do your job, I'm going to have to do it for you, and neither of us really wants that.
Only if it's your slow, careful approach.
You're in here for a reason, and it's not so you can score.
I'm here to cockblock and such.
It wasn't going to work anyway.
You should be grateful that I saved you some time.
What are you suggesting, that I cockblock with style and subtlety?
It wouldn't be true to the essense of the activity, which is invariably blunt and rude.
My goals are utilitarian.
I'm simply trying to keep you from scoring.
Nothing else matters.
Do tell, what were you getting at?
I doubt you had a point, really.
It's not unlike you to ramble on endlessly, enjoying the journey, as it were, rather than the destination.
It should've.
Nonsense.
If I don't whet your appetite, nothing would.
As well as all subsequent women, pb.
Now, you're speaking to us from Japan, right, which is inside Tokyo.
Can you clarify that?
Ah, the earthquake, pb?
Was there one, then?
Do name names, RobotSlave.
Who is she?
wall it, then.
So you don't have a name yet.
RobotSlave, it's possible that someone /msged kiad telling her that you were a prick who liked grilling people.
It's conceivable, at least.
I'm reminded of this <luisa||> oh shit
Coincidence?
Perhaps.
You don't get hints.
No, an inventory won't be necessary.
That's the .
org version, though.
But she didn't make it.
Maybe she didn't get very far at all.
You haven't even heard the whole story.
I think someone who suffers from LQTS, or whatever, would be well suited for a solo expedition to the north pole.
Exercise makes you drop dead, right?
Lucky the dogs were doing all the work.
You didn't want to die at the north pole, alone?
There's nothing particularly implausible about trying, and failing, to solo the north pole, RobotSlave.
I'm serious, there isn't.
If she had said that she succeeded, then yes, that would be questionable.
However, failure would be so easy
Oh shut up, RS.
Your bottle of gin is still full?
Come on, man, get out the milk and have some fun.
There are, zikzak, thanks to mercury from industrial waste contaminating fish.
There are some very, very simple Japanese.
Drink it from the bottle.
I've had sake once.
It sickened me.
Man, I'm almost out of milk but still have plenty of gin.
Poor planning my part.
What's the sake that's clearish and tastes absolutely awful?
What sort is that?
It clearly is yellow, pb.
And you'd be right, pb, it is green.
kiad is no chef.
She just ate the darn stuff a few times, and gee wiliker, it was yellow!
pb, you're horrible.
qpt and ktb are just right bastards all around.
Who's qpt?
kiad, just come clean with us.
Yes, it is.
Now out with it.
kiad is RobotSlave?
I'm confused.
If kiad is RobotSlave, you're messed up, RobotSlave.
OK, really, kiad, come clean or I'm going to ban you as well as everyone you might be, as well as the extended family thereof.
RobotSlave, why not just give away the rest of our weaknesses to the enemy?
For fuck's say, /wall was invented for a reason.
Not so strange.
See, bc and I have a vision for #adequacy that we really haven't shared with anyone else.
And you're quite compatible with it, or would be, if you weren't, well, you know, fake.
Guys without chests still moreso.
shoeboy> cock!
twas shoe, not me.
But look where he's going.
I think it's heartwarming.
I ran out of milk, so now I'm using half and half.
No, to mix with my gin.
Try this, zikzak.
Cut up two peaches, lay in a bowl, pour cream and gin over them.
Enjoy!
I couldn't eat that much sugar.
zikzak, tsk.
Be sure you have some hydrocortisone first.
ho ho.
A pint of whisky is quite a bit.
Howdy, Janus.
Say hello to our new lady!
Go ahead and mack, Janus.
It's OK!
Your what?
Hello, bc.
Well past late at this point.
Like whisky.
Hummus, too.
Man, you could live on hummus and whisky.
Hooray for British telcom!
Nice, bc.
Does she get annoyed if you treat her gently, bc?
The accent?
You're always calling Americans' voices nasal.
What does that mean?
My head kind of hurts.
I wish there were socialized medicine about to examine it 
Fit USians live longer than fit UKians, though.
We also whine about you, ebly, 'cos you're number one.
Being called number one is a compliment, yes.
That's because no one in the UK is the best, so the American meaning isn't needed.
What book is this?
And why does he say Dothraki when he means Russians?
The thing I don't like about fantasy is the made up words.
Yeah, that's crap, bc.
Of course it is.
Also, the unnecessary references to private parts irritates me.
But that's what geeks like to read about!
haw haw haw, they touched the underage girl's pussy!
haw haw.
See, it's written to appeal to a geek's perverse sexuality.
Because of their misogyny, geeks love the idea of women being tormented and sold into slavery.
So that's what fantasy writers write about, since their audience is geeks.
They so do.
They read scads of Sci Fi and Fantasy.
Look at all the geeks who adore Tolkien.
A nerd, then?
No, no, I'm talking about people who adore the books.
So, I'm confused.
Does em like Tolkien or not?
Sure he does.
There's a part where a dwarf gets kicked in the nads.
Well, Tolkien didn't feel comfortable writing women, so most of the women he did throw in were written as men.
You must've been ignoring bc, fi.
He produces quite a bit of fantasy writing.
Not everything!
Not fantasy <bc> what's an example of something I have said that isn't fantasy?
Fantasy <bc> I went to the UoL for a time, I didn't realise I was in such an exclusive group
Maybe I'll call and ask them.
I might email instead.
I don't have access to email here, but I'll fire one off next time I'm in town.
Oh, goodness, I don't have Internet all the way out here!
Oh crap, this is messed up.
Where am I?
I think I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming about sitting in a little Bavarian cottage in the woods IRCing 
It's Mr.
Microdot.
Craig is a madman, surely.
Many of us were space nerds in our youth, bc.
I was just enthralled with space as a child!
I was quite broken up over the Challenger.
Hello, kiad.
Well, Janus, look who they trust.
A little Japanese girl to walk on you?
That's offensive, bc!
Which sounds relaxing, Janus?
I may know where you can find a little nigger girl with a square head, though, if you're interested.
Many, many people are squareheaded.
I'm not sure it's an abnormal shape at all.
Uh, nobody you know.
Well, Ashcroft is a square head.
Try this.
Put your head in a shoebox, fill the shoebox with water, then measure how much water it took,
Compare with your friends!
If I knew how to ban MeyersBriggs references, I would.
Or I ban you.
Well, alright.
bc is right, I have no sense of humor.
I can't be bothered to identify, though, so you're safe!
Then go to the red light district?
What's wrong with the red light district?
Oh, that's unfortunate.
Just crack open the yellow pages and find yourself a masseuse.
Nothing could be easier.
Call one of you Japanese friends and explain your problem, perhaps?
9;  is an abomination
Is that what that is?
I thought you were having a siezure.
ROFLOLOLSTFU
That's it.
AngelEyes you're not channel operator
bc, go on.
Ban her for mocking me!
You always do this.
You always choose women over solidarity!
Blood may be thicker than water, but semen is thicker than both 
Some people in here take abuse of operatore privileges deathly seriously.
operator
Well, em, I wasn't going to name names, but thanks for coming out.
Operator privileges are a toy, and like any other toy, ought to be played with.
I haven't done that in ages.
fi  /nickserv link fi First_Incision <password>
I live to memorize Slashnet commands.
Then I use them quickly, and watch bc struggle for a half our to undo what I did.
That's revolting, kiad, and I don't ever want to hear that again.
I deleted it 
I didn't want that filth on my computer.
Go to the student union, fi, and get a few beers.
If a med student touched my hands on a plane, I'd smack him, then get arrested for terrorism.
No, it's because smacking med students is a crime, for some reason.
Yeah, you caught me.
I'm a radical Islamist.
fi, what's a niqab?
Of course I know what a burqa is.
I'm a radical Islamist.
Then you have to wear a burqa, if you don't want to be, well, you know.
It's similar to being so enthralled with Satan that one wanders into hell.
What goat?
The giant spacegoat that will eat the world?
Or a different goat?
I'm going to take care of some things.
I'll see you little darlings later!
Hello, folks.
How are you, darling?
Well enough.
The trouble was getting to bed 
Someone wouldn't allow it.
It's always hard to say in matters like this.
But that's absurd.
I hardly think I hunt for women.
There's no need!
bc obviously doesn't know how late I've stayed up and when.
I likewise find it difficult to believe.
Now that's unnecessary.
And betraying that there was a confidence was itself somewhat of a betrayal of confidence.
Oh well.
Do you think you'll get much truth out of RobotSlave, kiad?
It's what we do, em.
Go at it.
The most notable of which was www.
adequacy.
adequacy.
org undertook the monumental task of collecting all the truth that there was and putting it in one place on the Internet.
Well, most of the Internet is pornography, and that's neither true nor false.
bc, we should collaborate on a piece of short fiction.
Then I'll write Tikerdnyc's Erotic Adventures by myself, bc.
Kiss this blade, bitch.
Pretend what didn't happen?
bc, a man walked into a bar and said, ouch!
Feel free to use that.
A man walked into a bar and said, cor blimey!
Did she have a heart of gold?
OK, tell me about her in /msg, bc.
Yeah, bc, best to just drop it.
uh, 'cos last time someone mentioned it you threatened to kill them.
And I for one haven't seen tlt in a while 
I've probably already gone too far.
Bye, elbaby 
lb won't actually tell me his address, ever since I threatened to get all coked up and come kill him.
Yes, I did say just that.
What's Hogmanay?
Should I get stinking drunk tonight?
I'm asking for #adequacy's opinion.
Hogmanay doesn't sound very cultured, though.
Christmas is supposed to be a family affair, not an excuse to get drunk.
I didn't receive a single opinion.
Come on, folks.
I can't make a big decision like this by myself.
Christ.
How could you have not seen me drunk?
Yeah, 'cos I never sober up.
Actually, the truth is that I don't have any alcohol.
I've never had anything!
It was a big joke at bc's expense 
Got out of hand.
Oh shut up.
You made me!
I think she is.
Why can't I?
I'm not sure if I pay international charges.
I don't pay domestic long distance.
I get charged for it, sure.
But I don't pay.
That was bold.
That's wonderfully devious, if true.
kiad, you're terrible.
You live at the police station?
I'm unclear on how exactly bc used Google to come to the conclusion that he did.
Google is just giving me a bunch of nonsense.
Give me the URL of your search, bc.
Or the URL of your results.
Why did you think to search for that, though?
Anyway, the number kiad gave doesn't show up on those pages.
I really, really don't want to think that you're lying to me.
I can, and I do.
Hello, bastard.
Look, I'm not going to spend $2.
50/min calling communist Japan when I'm stone cold sober.
hehe, lb.
Are you stalking, pb?
Well, pb, pass anything you dig up my way, ok?
There's a good fellow.
Let's not get into smust just now, lb 
lb, actually, show me your smust, please.
If you lived somewhere sane, well, who knows.
Crazy monkey sex?
That's unseemly.
Most of your pictures are ugly, pb 
pb is ugly.
The rest of us are in between;
They are not 
I'm not an Islamist!
You don't wear a white cout, fi, and spectacles?
Have you thought about becoming a mad doctor?
Angry isn't enough.
We have to utterly destroy everything he holds dear.
When are you going to give me a livejornal code, lb?
livejournal
I don't actually want one.
I just want to bug elby about it.
Livejournal codes and pizza.
I use my livejournal to write down everything I can't possibly tell anyone, either face to face or online, but just have to get out of my system.
For anyone who wanted to know about me, my livejournal would be the Holy Grail.
I dread any of you finding my livejournal.
It would be a disaster.
Thankfully, you couldn't possibly find it.
RobotSlave, but I do.
I swear I do.
If you think you're going to trick me into revealing my livejournal userid, though, you're sorely mistaken.
Oh, lb it's 'xander_the_elder'
God damn it.
I hate you so much 
RobotSlave, why must you be so endlessly skeptical?
Don't you ever ache to just believe?
I'd rather write in my livejournal, em.
I love it!
I make at least one entry a day.
Today's entry was exactly what I really think about kiad.
Promise you won't tell anyone, lb?
I don't know, lb 
No, you haven't, lb.
But I think you're asking more than you realize.
If I told you, you would reel in shock 
Well, it's done.
I spilled the beans!
Thank you, lb.
Tell me!
I don't know what that means.
What's going on 
Why is everyone being cryptic and hateful?
Rather than pasting dictionary entries, kiad, we usually just tell each other, look it up, idiot.
You couldn't have known.
Are you so determined to remain an outsider?
It's too bad Glasgow is landlocked.
bc, if we could've convinced fi of it, though, it would've been fun.
That's right.
I don't play games.
AngelEyes you're not channel operator
Damn it.
Why haven't I identified yet?
You're a hateful creature, lb.
Filled with moonshine?
Speaking of moonshine, I need a drink!
I have tons of liquor.
Should I go with gin or whisky?
I think some rum, too.
bc, the whisky is a single malt.
I can't mix it.
Man, there's nothing like a g&t.
Push it, and bam.
It reduced the amount of time the article has in the edit queue.
Just press it when you don't like the story, lb.
Or if you're just feeling petulant, press the spam button.
By default, RobotSlave, an article has a period of X in the queue, and each spam vote subtracts Y from what remains of X.
Nothing could be simpler, except getting rid of the feckin' edit queue.
Coincidence?
Surely not.
They're in here.
cept Tkachev, or whatever.
nathan used to come in here, but stopped.
I rather like nathan.
He's very civil, educated, and earnest.
Why was tkatchev banned?
Isn't that what the articles on Slashdot are for, though?
What'll you be doing in that hospital?
How's that fixed?
Oh dear.
I shouldn't have asked.
My grandmother suffered from impacted bowels, and now I know more than I really wanted to.
It probably isn't.
The NSA logs #adequacy?
I'd be ever so flattered if the NSA tried to recruit me.
Especially if it was because of #adequacy.
lb, you're a programmer.
Make a bot that bans people who use backwards smilies.
zuul, fi?
zuul, fi is <response> fi aspires both to medicine and madness.
zuul, fi?
Damn it.
I can't remember the syntax for the silly thing.
zuul, forget fi.
zuul, fi is a madman who aspires to medicine.
I give up.
lb, if you ban my kiad, I'm going to complain.
I mean, if you ban kiad.
Ah, it's <reply>
zuul, AngelEyes?
zuul, qpt?
So true.
zuul, 10000000000000000000000000000100000000000000000000000000000000
Print it out, bitch.
zuul, 213812391274309127301273092173197239217320937210973102974303740127301972301273
More precision!
zuul, 7^4
zuul, 100^51
zuul 101010101010101010101010101010101010
An older version of zuul would grind away for ages if you gave him a huge problem.
Apparently that was fixed, though.
Don't call yourself that, elbaby 
It's for your own good.
em, you're so fussy about what goes on in the channel, even though you don't use it much.
You already do, though, more than I really deserve.
I'm flattered, but you should stop.
I'll leave that to you, baby 
I think I need a whisky!
zuul, whisky?
Haha, perfect.
zuul, spell zuul
zuul, scotch?
Appears that way.
RobotSlave, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Generally, momocrome, a bot is just a program that reads and writes to and from an IRC connection, instead of, say, a file.
If the network allows it.
Slashnet allows 3 connections from a single host, I believe.
It's more than 2 and less than 100, I know P
I think it's 3.
I am not luisa >
I'm certain that I'm not luisa, though.
Drunk on cheap domestic beer?
Hello, bastard.
Hello, bastard.
Early 
I've been netsexing.
With kip.
I didn't stab you in the back!
Uh, nothing.
I was jus there, you know.
No reason.
bc can't wash his hands of it, unfortunately.
They're too soaked in the blood of his former friends.
Anyway, lb, if AngelEyes wants you to have a copy of his phone records, he'll frickin' mail you one >
Address?
Yeah, minor quibbles.
Like, your betrayal of them.
Or, the fact you're a rapist.
Tiny things.
Refresh me?
That's where you rape women who are asking for it?
That's a good point.
Women aren't rational.
Do you have sex with your golden retriever?
cos that's what it sounds like you just said.
I only ask because it seems to fellow inexorably from what you said.
That wasn't obvious to me, but OK.
I mean, you have sex with dogs, so maybe you have girls eat dog food.
I really can't tell with you.
I have to put aside my prejudices.
No, lb and I are genuinely confused.
If I didn't know better, I almost wanted you to see how we reacted to the notion of you having sex with dogs without actualling committing to an admission.
I don't see how it's not in the dog's best interest.
Maybe the dog would enjoy it.
Did you bother to ask?
But I thought you did want that, which is why you treat dogs like women.
Exactly, thus I can treat women like a .
golden retriever maybe  bc
So, if you tried women like dogs, then you clearly treat dogs like women.
Nothing could be more obvious.
They can, bc, but maybe they would just prefer not to give it to you.
Did you ever think of that?
I doubt he understands it, lb.
He's probably ashamed, lb.
He was hoping we'd reply, that's great, bc!
We like dogs too!
Yes, curse us for taking you at your word.
So when you claimed to have sex with dogs, that was a metaphor?
bc, are you daft?
He was restating your position.
Sorry, you can't change it from your own words, bc.
You know that.
He left.
We drove him away.
Think he'll come back?
Hello, folks.
You don't have that kind of money, bc.
Why's he drinking hair spray, then?
He wants to become a midnight phoneboy!
He's mentally handicapped.
That's the funny thing about Vlad's wife.
One can't see her all at once.
hahaha
oh man.
I just saw my desktop and it gave me quite a start 
Just, Woah!
What's that doing there.
the case of the doctor that some want you to not know.
Otherwise it makes no sense.
Where are you getting these, spammer?
Where'd you find that, kiad?
What did I do!
blas bout 
If you consider that fucked up, yes.
Yes, but my IRC logs are bound to be good.
That raises an interesting philosophical and psychological question, RobotSlave.
Can, sensibly speaking, kiad ask bc anything?
I confess I don't know the answer.
Because bc told the stupidest person on K5 and /.
that he was their friend.
Repeatedly.
And hugely fat.
Vlad can't so no to fat.
But in the back?
Get it right.
RobotSlave, I doubt she likes it more than a little.
What happened to me?
You must.
I need to know whether I should avenge it too.
There was a recent diary about perdida, but I can't find it.
Right.
It was actually deleted?
I thought one could put whatever one wanted to in one's diary.
I'll start watching my words, lest I get deleted 
Directed toward whom?
Craig's just obsessed with her.
The picture of Signal 11 naked and petrified really made me laugh.
Geekizoid is actually older than the Adequacy.
Hello, folks.
I confess.
This has all been an elaborate ruse.
Hello, my only.
Cheer up!
With milk, I hope.
At least try it once 
At the nearest mall to where my parents live, there's a shop that sells only Kinkade prints.
Look, zikzak.
Have I ever led you astray before?
It's a delicious drink; just give it a single try.
If we go to war with Iraq, millions of American citizens will die.
Drink the rest of the gin, take your pants off, and go find some people to talk to.
An autobiography, likely.
cyn, you shouldn't be watching vampire anime.
Maybe, bc, but I don't want cyn watching it.
Because, bc, animation is corrupting.
I'm a gimlet too!
bc, we should marry.
I've calmed this channel countless times.
I probably would, zikzak, because milk and gin together are divine.
Welcome back, kiad.
Why've you taken to keeping such normal hours, lb?
lb, go to bed.
It was time to start drinking hours and hours ago.
I wonder if whisky and milk would be as good.
I'm not trying to provoke anyone.
I'm just speculating.
I have some aged rum of some sort.
I could try it.
zikzak, irish cream?
It already is with milk, so putting it with more milk can't hurt.
And irish cream is made with whisky, so whisky must go with milk.
I wonder what it would taste like if I mixed gin with sugar to make a paste.
Or gin with flour to make real paste.
Vodka  stout was horrible.
I can't remember who suggested that one.
I can't remember much of anything from that evening, 'cept how horrible the vodka stout was.
The vodka and the stout were both pretty good, too.
I don't see why the combination failed so badly.
Why did you do that?
I only did it because I'm very impressionable when drunk and lb I remember now was having fun with me.
And oh so witty.
Wow, the 70's.
You were not 16 in the 50's.
Divine revelation.
I ask god everything.
He's getting a bit sick of it.
That's what he asked too.
I'll tell you what I told him.
Uh, does it?
A plague o'er the land 
It was a plague of cocksuckery.
He knows how such activities rankle me.
This channel is rated PG.
Keep that in mind.
You have enough porn already, pb.
Yes, she does.
bc, you stalk cyndrekit.
It was six minutes ago, kiad.
I'm curious about that too, bc.
How did you, ubu?
ubu, as usually, is trying to figure out if there are any fellow horny libertarians.
I've literally never done that, personally.
That's mighty generous of you, ubu, chap.
The rest of us have just been sitting around here twiddling our thumbs and looking at her awkwardly waiting for you to show up, ubu.
I think what ubu is trying to say is that your first night will be spent with bc, kiad.
Then you'll be married off.
pb, quite being a bitch.
Which side do you want?
ubu, little help here.
You'll win anyway.
You're supposed to be providing a rebutal, not asking questions.
Can you prove that the Columbia wasn't just a collective delusion caused by the CIA placing LSD in our water supply?
bc, you're sounding creepy.
Stop it.
ubu, if I ever find out that you're not doing that by hand, I'll be crushed.
If you did have AIDS, I think it would be more difficult.
The constant fainting and tubes everywhere would cramp your style.
See, then.
I was only trying to help.
If it's genuine hypocrisy, I'll leave it alone.
I guess you just have to ask yourself, WWVMD?
Backwards, really.
Like him in what sense?
As a potential lover?
As a current lover?
The one I met was a ganster.
kiad, you're Japanese, I thought?
HOORAY FOR BRITISH TELECOM
I am also forced to use an inexpensive, speedy, and reliable private provider, zikzak 
I notice bc and cyn went to bed at the same time.
It's too early to wake up!
What were your dreams?
Dare I ask.
In your dreams.
You can dream about anything at all, and that's what you picked?
Some nights in reminds you to become a super hero and have sex with Willow and Buffy more often?
Better hurry.
They're getting old.
Think you'll be able to?
How's that going to make you a super hero.
Yeah, but didn't you want to be able to shoot energy balls?
Well, best of luck.
Fly, too?
Maybe you just need to get rid of all that fat that's holding you down.
Maybe penis enlargement pills would be a prudent investment.
Yeah, but Mexicans have tiny members.
You assume.
Some penis enlargement pills would remove the guesswork.
Come on!
You could have a forteeninch horsecock.
Oh god, you'd lower yourself to that?
That's because you're nancyboy.
He's not most men.
Nobody is most men, actually.
So from the the premise that most men blunder at cunnilingus, we can safely assume that no individual man actually does blunder at cunnilingus.
But this conslusion is perhaps unexpected.
So I would move that most men blunder at cunnilingus is incoherent, since a contradiction can be derived from it.
Sorry, kiad, but you've been shot down.
Fine, substitute.
No, I am bringing the force of logic to bear on your apparently absurd claims.
Hello, folks.
You look so wholesome.
I'm not seeing any madness at all.
I'm not looking forward to filing taxes.
Hello, folks.
bc was too cheap to contact her, cyndrekit.
Yeah, 'cept jokes are funny.
That was just sad.
Anyone can design fashions, as a look at the runways will reveal.
You can, em, by hand.
It takes forever, though.
One little pixel at a time, carefully colored and shaded.
Yes it is, in the same sense one might improve a house by adding trim and what not.
For Janus.
Janus is basically nuts.
He wants to fly and shoot energy balls.
Anything after that isn't going to strike me as any more odd.
I'm not sure, bc.
I'm just repeating what he's said.
He wants to shoot energy balls that can blow up cities.
So it's just a generic power fantasy.
I thought you wanted women to have power over you, though?
elby, fajitas!
Strong, assertive men have women to cook for them.
Well, young men do too.
Even if they're pussified.
Didn't you have a mother, kiad?
cyndrekit is so pure that her eyes glide right off nasty words.
It's her way of flirting with you, ubu.
She wants you to know that she hangs on your every word.
Did you use that nifty read notification feature?
She printed them out, I imagine, and stuck them to her walls, ubu.
eh, bc, whatever your problem is, you should probably sleep on it.
Why do you have shutdown as a cron job?
crontab e 
I think.
Let's hear the real truth.
Hello, folks.
Enough of that P
Probably a good idea.
You already beat the joke into the ground months ago.
What's left?
Just by looking at that URL, I can tell it's damn useful.
It's not safe.
It bloody isn't.
He actually picked it up from me.
You're right!
Hello, bastard.
Right here, em.
Oh, right.
I'm Sir John Mortimer, Knight Errant.
At your service!
Because it was so gay.
It was cheerful and happy, too.
Or living human babies.
With that little lump of sweet, succulent flesh squirming in front of you, I can imagine what your decision would be!
Hello, folks.
But a good fuck.
These days, they can suck the fat out of you with a vacuum.
I've offered to kill you in a cokeinduced rage, lb, yet you'd prefer to have dinner with shoeboy 
I don't think that's right.
shoeboy needs to mind his own business.
No, not at all.
I think it's romance you crave, and candy hearts remind you of it.
You could 'cept for cyn's frigidness, fi.
You two have so much in common.
I don't know how we didn't notice before 
Now that I think about it, I can't imagine a more perfect couple!
What were you thinking?
I agree.
As always, bc, your insight is unsurpassed.
It's important for those who have recently been rather abruptly abandoned to realize that they are not alone in their predicament!
If you're going to be confused, you might as well be confused together, no?
It's a pity you both have no one to turn to when evil men scheme against you.
Oh, but wait!
Right, and haven't you craved a real man?
A lawyer, perhaps, or a doctor?
Don't deny it.
Hello, folks.
Hello, bastard.
Her biological clock is ticking, em.
Treat yourself to some whisky, bc.
That's strange, since I actually did dream that I was killing people at an AQ get together.
Damn it.
Did I not get to kill anyone at all?
Was your erotic dream about Jin?
I was actually just saying that I thought you should get together with Jin.
So, I might've been the murderer!
Poor bc can only dream about sweaty, halfnaked men, though.
I wonder why that is 
That's because you don't know what a naked man looks like, being innocent and pure.
Cashmere comes from what sort of animal?
Remind me.
Would it be entirely innacurate to call a female goat a cashmereclad girl?
inaccurate
I don't think it would be.
Yes, but we know how you like metaphor.
Cashmereclad girl is probably a metaphor for a goat.
Yes, you can assure me.
And you often do.
But I wonder.
I've heard rumors.
Frequent rumors.
I can't believe that cyn would do that 
You're not allowed to refer to me by anything other than my nickname or a pronoun.
You're not a geek?
I would've told you that and saved you the trouble of taking a survey.
You didn't indicate that you cared whether you were a freak.
Bitch.
client.
attbi.
com is me!
Hello, folks.
I'm not Johnny Pantaselivets.
If I'm gay, why do I want to boink perdida so much?
Ain't that the truth.
I'd suck perdida's cock in a heartbeat.
I fantasize about filling my mouth and throat with fourteen inches of womancock.
Jewish womancock.
Be a lawyer.
I think that requires some sort of certification, but how hard could it really be to get?
You should recruit David Lee Roth.
I guess she isn't around at the moment.
Maybe she was.
A graphical shell like explorer?
He's writing a graphical shell, bc.
I think he's writing something like explorer.
No, Explorer.
It's the Windows shell.
It's more than just that, but yes.
But right turns are easy?
Oh wait.
Right.
Hello, folks.
I hope you're not drinking because you're depressed.
Nobody here I want to, bc.
Sorry.
The worst netsex, I think he meant.
Who were you talking to?
So what happened, ol' bean?
Yeah, I do too.
Could be, ennius.
What in heaven's name are you talking about?
I don't.
You're really being quite cryptic.
I thought it was more frequent than that.
You're quite right, though.
Periodically he exclaims, I'm going to hell!
I think I'm starting to understand, bc.
Regardless of what one does, there will be higher pursuits.
He's just yanking your chain, bc.
I am too.
I'm sure there's something I could be doing, but I'm not really interested.
It's grabass, bc.
One b.
Hehe, yeah, you've been doing a lot of that, bc.
But then, UKian men don't flirt.
Straight to the poopsex, eh?
bc, ennius is going to continue being obscure as long as you keep giving him the pleasure of a reaction.
There aren't any accusations, just vaguenesses intended to arouse your paranoia.
If you have done something you shouldn't have, bc, and I hope for the sake of your enternal soul that you have not ennius doesn't know about it.
Excellent.
Stop acting so guilty, then.
If I were a policeman, bc, I'd arrest you right now.
You're setting off all my alarms.
Look at you.
All that punctuation doesn't speak of innocence.
indeed.
I thought so too, when ennius started this conversation, but your defense has convinced me otherwise.
Grabassery, I suppose.
Feigning ignorance about what it might be was simply incredible.
Look at the phrase, grabass.
What could it mean?
What a mystery.
Nobody is buying it, bc.
You took a perfectly cogent phrase, grabass, and interpreted it to mean something incoherent?
Is it a learning disorder?
I don't think mere carefulness is enough, ennius.
I think bc needs to repent.
Very well.
You're entitled, I suppose.
In the context of this medium, I don't see what grabass really has to do with anything.
It's just text!
There are no asses.
ennius is a fine fellow, but his concerns are misplaced.
Then why are you the one who periodically exclaims that you're damned?
I don't seem to be the one laboring under any guilt.
So when you sin, it shames you?
Then why are you damned?
Oh, and you tell us that, every once in a while.
Oddly, though, when I ask you why you're going to hell, you don't talk about predestination.
No, you talk about your crimes.
They're petty crimes, for sure, but they seem to concern you.
You've done some bad things, yes, but rather than repenting, I seem to recall you simply deciding that you were going to start feeling good about doing them.
I don't believe that there is such a thing as sin, but that's a bit offtopic.
I am entitled to do as I please!
Oh, I have a facade of empathy, of course.
I spent hours shaping it, decorating it.
I only take it out of its box for special occasions, though.
I'm starting to get confused about for what ass is a metaphor.
That sounds like a deal, but I haven't really shopped around for that.
Being a minister for a poorlynamed church is worse than simply being a layperson.
ubu, the I'm starting to get.
No, it came out that way.
I grimaced, and pressed return.
I figure someone in here will edit as necessary.
The pretty ones aren't allowed to run away, for obvious reasons.
Just keep that in mind.
Hello, Janus.
Maybe your standards are low.
You'll have a satisfying life if you keep them that way.
Don't sink to ubu's level, though.
That's perverse.
White necklace of Life.
There isn't a good term.
Saying that she was with her man, sounds absurd.
With her pimp?
Accurate, perhaps, but crass.
Because, ubu, I have spent too much time listening to their confessions to think anything else of them.
I think there was a pimp who was a witness for a murder case on Law and Order.
It might not have been Law and Order.
There are a great many court dramas.
If you say so.
Wrong window, ol' bean.
cyn is a little free with beastiality accusations, though.
elby seems a standup fellow, though.
ennius, I don't think you should encourage him.
You're a mature adult, ennius, comfortable in your sexuality.
Janus is still finding his, and should perhaps not focus on animated girls.
Yes, Janus, but you've not yet decided whether you prefer real girls or fake ones.
You're getting a little more excited about it than I think I'm comfortable with.
I bet.
Particularly if it is a nude of a woman you enjoy impersonating.
I don't think that fetish has a name.
He's busy, likely.
Give him a couple.
There's something perverse about creating artificial women and forcing them to expose themselves.
But it's the Lord's work, I suppose.
I can see that random.
jpg longs for a shirt 
That doesn't look the slightest bit like either of them.
I can't even tell which is supposed to be which.
You're going to be disappointed, Janus.
When you try to kiss one of your volleyball players and find that her skin feels like glass and tastes like dust.
You don't want it several thousand dollars much, though?
Is that as big as he gets?
If I were going to purchase a fake penis, I wouldn't spend thousands on a tiny one.
Can one swap out the penis module for a vagina module?
7k doesn't get you much anymore.
If they do the conversion incorrectly, the consequences would be dire.
Use ultrasound.
The first time I had a conversation in Esperanto online, when I realized that I had made a connection with someone across the world in a language foreign to both of us, it like like a natural high.
I don't know.
Ask a linguist, maybe?
No, I was pasting from K5, actually.
None here.
acoustiq
George W Bush is a terrorist, and should be taken to spend some time in a dog cage in Cuba before being executed in secret and incinerated, or buried in a lime pit somewhere.
You'd get your ratings wiped.
What was that about?
Think he'll ever learn?
Mail help@k5
Why are they protecting Vlad?
I flamed vlad.
Someone 5 me.
In the diary you linked to.
My computer is making clicky noises.
No, not like that.
Imagine running a nail file quickly accross a comb.
Something like that.
Seems to do it when I move my mouse, though \
But only sometimes.
It's a mystery!
Oh, you're not Marco.
Sorry!
what the fuck.
Marco wants to boink perdida.
Why are you so curious?
If you start harrassing one of our femaled or females, you'll be banned too, if that's what you're wondering.
females.
But you are lustful and young.
Would you hit it?
perdida, your game, the characters in your game?
Feel free to interpret the question as you wish.
Hit it, as in have sex with it.
With her.
How shallow.
Do looks really matter that much to you?
Well, she's a nice piece, with dark hair and a big rack.
And, uh, socialism.
Yeah, there's one hanging around.
She's on a log.
I don't know where it is.
I'm surprised you haven't seen it, since it's mentioned fairly frequently.
bc, do you know the URL?
Useless.
You're entirely without value.
It wasn't even a real casino, or real money.
You go.
It's all in /wall
Sorry.
The endless losing, even.
Is this a volleyball game or a dating simulation?
You have to purchase an XBox.
You found what?
Fantastic!
This changes nothing, though.
I'm still going ahead with my backup plan.
Please.
I'm underwhelmed, bc.
I'm not blaming you, no.
I appreciate it.
But I mean, come on.
That doesn't inspire much of anything.
Worse would be more, almost.
More to work with, anyway.
I'm intrigued.
Do elaborate.
We have experts about, it seems.
Nobody believed it last time.
greenrd wanted to believe.
I don't rate getting on any of those lists.
I'm glad I'm let off!
Vlad never replied to my attacks.
I hope he reads 'em later.
I put some love into 'em.
I'm the real Scott Lockwood.
You've not seen me.
Damn it, bc.
Move to a civilized country where you can have a good ISP.
cos zikzak's idea sounds pretty damn easy.
Hello, cyndrekit 
I'm great, doll.
How are you?
It's in black and white.
Go play, kid.
One might tell a retarded child that a shiny object was a shiny.
Really?
That's a terrible shame.
Someone ought to do something about that.
But who?
And what?
I don't bake, or have any pot, for that matter.
Do you bake, cyn?
Many females find such domestic activities appealing.
Well, it's not as though he knows better.
How healthy can that be?
That was remarkably unaffected and ingenuous of you, zikzak.
I'm touched.
You make brownies, and they're yummy.
No cynical rage, no sarcasm?
Just brownies.
yummy brownies?
I could give it a crack, if you like, cyn, but normal rates apply.
If you're interested, we should probably taking this conversation into a more private medium.
It's only prudent ;
Oh, I don't want money, and if you're thinking along those lines, you probably can't afford me.
Anyway, people would be upset.
People allow themself such an indulgence of emotions over such things.
zikzak is a hack.
He'll get scared, shoot you in the spine, and run off.
Then where will you be?
Amateur.
If you don't know how to go about it, you sure as hell don't ask your victim.
So, yeah, she'd be wherever the last orderly put her.
Oh man.
Maybe I'll just make a call to the Denver office of the FBI, Mr.
Zachary Zikowski.
doesn't care.
Although it is tricky to type.
In hindsight, I should've plagiarized.
They're using their entire budget to do whatever it is they do.
For freedom.
They're military.
They take everything seriously.
That's just the sort of thing we know about.
Don't ask us about art, philosophy, politics, law, or the more romantic sciences, or anything.
geeze.
Hello, luisa 
night 
Possibly.
Indeed.
Janus!
Good buddy.
Everyone does, em.
Both, really.
Janus keep fucking up.
I do too.
They made a movie?
What woman could resist the kick of the flying dragon, Janus?
Hello, raoul.
I'm unclear, Janus.
In this game you bought, do you play one of the nubile girls?
So what brings you to this neck of the woods, raoul?
So you have to pick which nubile young girl you want to be?
That's perverse.
One can always choose to be a male, orcish barbarian on Nethack.
Well, one chooses a male orcish barbarian because it's strong, and able to hack through the monsters up ahead.
Not because one wants to boink it.
I know what you're thinking when you choose a bikiniclad young girl you want to be.
I choose whatever character will allow me to crush monsters.
Who does?
You must have someone in mind.
God damn it, name names, or I swear I'll ban you and you will never be back.
I can't permanently ban you, anyway 
Truth be told, we're all pretty impotent, anymore.
I have the @ sign, but it means basically nothing anymore.
bc got fed up with our shennanigans and took all the power back.
I don't blame him.
You didn't know that?
Well, bc cares about the opinions of others, some more than others, but it's his channel.
zuul, bc?
It's the truth, Janus.
He sees us all as his playthings.
You're on the lower rungs I'm sorry, but you must've realized this, so you're spared his full attention.
Move up enough, and it's nearly nonstop manipulation.
Unless you want bc trying to set you up with other #aqers just so it can fall apart and he can laugh, and so forth.
I don't think anyone has ever gotten action out of it, though I could be wrong.
Didn't he try to get you with luisa, though?
He sent me a picture of her earlier.
I'm not sure what that means.
Oh hell yes.
I know, I know.
You have to understand my situation, though.
Well, she clearly hasn't published it for everyone to see, you know?
I feel that I should respect that.
You could just ask her.
She isn't in here much anymore, but fairly frequently.
Still.
That you also call him that is disturbing.
Come on, nobody calls grown men boys except gays.
luisa's boy?
He's in his 20s.
If I ever was told the details, and I'm sure I was, I've forgotten them.
It would be fun to try to convince you of that.
No, she's a girl.
I'm 99% convinced.
She has a very girlish voice.
Now, some gay men probably have a girlish voice too, but that's just nuts, to be that paranoid.
She's idle.
It's safe, RobotSlave.
ennius has been idle a good seven hours.
Don't forget him.
me0w's been idle two.
Kick her too.
pb has also been idle two.
Oh wait, were you just be an absurd paranoid?
Yeah, I think you were.
All the lurkers who make RobotSlave start at shadows, at least.
We have to keep the resident paranoid feeling comfortable, don't we?
Can't let his suspicions overcome him.
I didn't make any such offer, RobotSlave.
Don't worry, RobotSlave.
We'll try to keep this a safe, familiar environment free of loud noises or strange sights that might give you a fit.
We're looking out for you here.
Fucking right we're not.
This is an IRC channel, not a damn day care center.
So why are you demanding to be treated like an infant?
That's what I wonder.
Throwing fits unless your demands are met, crying when you meet strangers.
Yeah, the description fits.
Acting like an adult would be a good start.
I'm not qualified to speak of your behavior anywhere else.
A woman who didn't want sex would be a curious creature, RobotSlave, but whether or not I could like her would depend on the rest of her characteristics.
Or did you mean more than I do by like?
I have more consistency than any of you, but you can't fault me if you don't pay attention.
Do you call the tides inconsistent?
They can't seem to stay put, after all.
I've had cause to wonder what channel you see when you come in here, because lately I've had reason to believe it's not the same one the rest of us do.
I hope it wasn't simple jealousy.
That would disappoint me.
You'd be jealous of whoever you thought was receiving the attention you'd grown accustomed to.
I know, I'm painting you as a child, but it seems appropriate.
A reasonable person.
We were talking about jealousy, RobotSlave.
Not expecations of acknowledgement.
Not being one prone to it, I can't really say.
Why don't you tell me?
I am familiar enough with jealousy; I just don't know what lies at the root of it.
I've seen enough jealousy, for sure.
Then in your own words, RobotSlave, what the hell is your problem?
I'd hate to oppress you with my preconceived notions of the situation.
Forgive me.
It was utterly unreasonable to assume that someone who was acting just like other jealous people do was in fact jealous.
It was an absurd inference.
Again, you've not been yourself.
Whatever is bothering you?
Not that you storming out of here, saying that you'll never return, is exactly rare, but it isn't common either.
So let's hear, RobotSlave.
What's up?
Is someone who calls a spade a spade an amusement now?
My, things have gotten strange.
RobotSlave, let's look at the facts.
Someone new joins the channel, and they are given a warm #adequacy welcome.
You then try to ban them, and when they are unbanned, you storm off, swearing to never return so long as they remain.
What am I supposed to think?
What are any of us supposed to think?
Are you protecting us from our own foolishness, then?
That's terribly generous of you, but thanks, we don't need it.
What concern is it of yours?
Will it be that insufferable when the inevitable YHBT comes, if you are correct?
I would think you'd rather savor it.
Yes, it would be a shame to let someone in here who isn't completely honest about themself.
You are an actual robotic slave, or whatever, right?
Is it really as simple as that?
Someone came in, pretending to be a woman, got a little attention, and it irritated you that much?
That's facinating.
Most people, you know, the sane ones, wouldn't feel that way.
What's amusing is how absurd your response has been, even if you're right.
As long as you're being paid attention, it doesn't matter if you're a laughingstock?
It was funny at first, but I admit, it's getting tiresome.
Are you almost done, do you think?
Your vendetta against her is becoming a little too obvious a plea to be noticed.
It's uncomfortable, I suppose \
No, you misunderstand.
Your absence is wonderful.
Did I do the wrong thing?
I feel like I just picked sides in a war, but between whom I don't know.
I don't care if kiad has never told the truth the entire time she's been here, banning someone because he's going to pitch a fit if they stay is absurd.
There are many good reasons to ban, but RobotSlave's suspicion of their story is not one of them.
I want to be charitable.
I don't want to think he's as paranoid as he sounds.
Maybe he just doesn't like her personality but wants a stronger pretense under which to ban her.
I dunno.
I do like kiad, but even if I didn't, this channel is already too insular to tolerate the utter isolation he seems to demand.
We need that trickle of fresh blood.
It feels a little strange.
We battle down here, while up in the heavens, bc watches and makes the decisions.
Hello, folks.
Uh, howdy, King.
Thanks!
I don't coerce anyone.
zuul, coercivists is <reply> Coercivists can be Communists, Socialists, Conservatives or Fascists.
but they all want to tell YOU what to do with YOUR money.
Not so good at cockblocking.
Give it a try!
Hello, kiad 
Hello, luisa| 
Perhaps if you carried yourself with more dignity, perdida, people would treat you better.
Just a thought 
Of course I did, perdida.
It's good advice, but you're too damn pigheaded to take it seriously.
So I mock you.
That's the whole friggin' point.
I know who you portray yourself around here.
A friendly hint, spasms of suicidal petulance are not dignified.
Hello, luisa| 
I admit that I used to sing more when my mouth wasn't always full of fois gras.
zuul, bc?
Apparently not.
zuul, bc?
It depends on who you are not in love with.
Well, it's OK, sure.
If your relationship with him were more than it is, then it would be perverse.
But if you're just seeing someone, it's fine not to love them.
There's nothing wrong with having a friend.
Now, some people would engage in all sorts of unseemly behaviors with their friends, but I know you're not like that, so it's not a concern.
Possibly.
It depends on the friend.
What's perfectly OK?
Fantastic.
Housewares like?
Maybe he thought your existing towels were in an unacceptable state.
He might've just felt bad about it and moved to rectify the situation.
Buys you towels, makes repairs.
It sounds so domestic.
Did you forget to tell us that the two of you married?
Well, that and he keeps his own bed.
But that's hardly worth mentioning, being so obvious.
Why do you need diet candy?
I'd like a mealbar that tasted just like a taco, but sans nasty fat and what not.
Do we get to eat em?
I imagine he'd be stringy and bitter.
Why not?
So I might order dog meat, bc, but get tofu?
cyndrekit 
How's it going, cynbug?
Oh, just have the maid do that.
I was told you were wealthy.
Well, wear gloves, at least.
We can't have you ruining your hands.
In the winter, do you sell your papers to purchase faggots by which to warm yourself?
I mean wood, of course, not bc and his ilk.
You're right, ubu, it was.
I'm one of the common folk, and I am proud of it.
I love luisa in as much as I love to torment her.
That was more forthcoming that I think I would've prefered to be.
Thanks, ubu.
Been reinventing the proverbial wheel, ubu?
Couldn't have subclassed GayWheel from Wheel?
You're using some OO language, I hope.
It's appalling that so many young women feel the need to affect British mannerisms in order to attract bc.
Other Brits too, I suppose.
According to Google.
com, gray winds by a landslide.
ubu, do you have usercustomizable settings?
When my fingers clearly just fall asleep at the keyboard, there's really no need.
I appreciate it, but I'm afraid your efforts are wasted.
I don't think I can readily find any that cost significantly more, which is strange.
I can pick up $500 bottles at my local, grungy liquor store.
There ought to be a gin for people with too much money!
I'll basically drink anything.
I mean, if I can get it down and there's not much I can't, I'll drink it.
Well, if there was nothing else, I'd drink whisky&coke.
But come on, why couldn't I just drink the whisky plain?
ubu, I usually get that one.
I'm having a bad evening.
That's why I have an immense amount of respect for what you do, ubu.
You're really just providing good information.
bc, did spiralx introduce you to that one?
I'm going to take cyndrekit's and elby's side.
Let's all take sides on this one.
zikzak, kiad, fi, is bc guilty of overfamiliarity with wild animals?
I really wonder how many would be enough, bc.
I insist on sticking to multiples of two, too, since anything else would be perverse.
Is tomorrow a Federal holliday?
holiday
I'd like a holiday.
zikzak, kiad is still pretending to be in Japan.
Next Monday!
But then, what do holidays matter to you?
Secretly, cyndrekit wants to be Japanese.
God damn it, satan.
You stole my shtick.
Don't deal with the devil.
At the very least, read the end of Faustus, first.
Just read it.
Idiot.
You're an idiot, bc.
There will be no satanry in here.
You sold what?
You already gave your soul away.
Idiot.
A while ago.
Did you forget?
No, bc, months ago.
You gave away your soul.
And with it, your heart.
You became anothers'.
another's
You can't win 'em all, ubu.
I'm also the least gay!
Booyah.
luisagirl 
That's just the pain talking, luisagirl.
ubu  for i = x to floory / z  i  z 
That will keep you under z
under y I mean
Just Y  Y   X mod Z 
I'm sorry, I thought you wanted the loop.
You're quite welcome!
He's going to fussily point out that you don't have the qualificactions to make that diagnosis, bc.
Thanks, good buddy.
A passion for truth shouldn't be restrained.
Do you ever get sore?
Do you have a pet ox?
The only lumberjack I can think of did.
Are there even any trees in the UK?
And juniper.
Blessed juniper.
kiad and her friends are terribly dangerous.
When is the US going to be invited to adopt the Euro?
We surrender!
Let us adopt the Euro, please.
I love you, bc, and I want to impregnate you.
Yeah, well, I got RobotSlave good, so you should feel vindicated.
You don't want it, kiad.
It was brutal display of viciousness.
You don't like that sort of thing.
You might be upset, kiad.
Cruelty upsets you, and I was cruel.
bc does adore my performances.
kiad, hush.
That's a secret.
Your adoration of me.
Well, elby isn't in here.
jj disapproves too.
ennuis.
I'm not even sure why raoul is in here.
I suppose if anyone should vouch for him, it would be me, but I don't much feel like it.
raoul is the other one I'm responsible for, kiad.
I brought her in here!
In time.
No, nobody's responsible for you.
We all try to protect you from yourself, though.
At least vlad didn't deny having a wife online for ages and ages.
It's so obvious, really.
me0w is engaged to someone in the UK?
I wonder who.
She never says.
We've never been given a name.
A little curious, is all.
I'm just saying, there aren't that many men in the UK, straight men, and here one is!
You know, the rest of us can't understand these petty distinctions you make.
The UK is the UK.
English?
Milton Keynes?
Wisconsin?
kiad is right.
Nobody in their right mind would pay the slightest attention to someone from Wisconsin.
And in fact, if someone from Wisconsin expressed an interest in me, I'd say, Thanks, but I prefer people.
Maybe that's what he wants.
He's quite perverse.
shoeboy has been too depressed lately to really lash out.
Poor guy.
Oh shut up, bc.
chloedancer never left ubu!
Because of the simple fact that they were never together, she didn't!
ubu has never once suggested that he and chloedancer went out.
He's never refered to her as anything but Monica.
Leaving us no reason to suppose that Monica is chloedancer.
I'd be dumb to take anything from just you.
I'm still protecting kiad.
I am a shield between here and all the lies and backstabbing that go on in this channel.
You're familiar with both, I'm sure.
Let's take a moment for Vlad, one of our fallen heroes.
Let's take a moment to remember his contributions, to remember the glorious life he led before bc struck him down.
Struck him down from behind, when he wasn't expecting it.
You know, stabbed him in the back.
I didn't want to get rid of Vlad.
I wanted to reform him.
I wanted to bring him around!
I had no idea.
I saw an unfamiliar name and panicked.
Marco has been trying to get in here to stalk perdida.
I'm quite keen on caring for perdida.
I am a relentless machine of death, smiting all those who draw near with even the slightest illwill toward perdida in their hearts!
I did, as a matter of fact.
As a matter of fact, I like people for what I can get out of them.
I'm going to be getting a lot of pleas for mercy and reconsideration out of you if you don't back off.
Someone with a little respect.
Just don't smoke until you can get a new one.
You'll be fine.
What's it called?
I doubt it, and I'm off.
I'm still here!
I'm going to need loads of caffeine in a couple hours.
cos I shoul've been in bed ages ago.
So it is, so it is.
A man does what's required of him.
A vessel of what?
I'm guessing semen.
At least I'm not full of it.
I don't even know what bukkake is.
I suppose I may have been unwittingly watching it.
I think that's elby.
Just discovered netsex, kiad?
To recognize outstanding weblogs.
Hello, folks.
Actual Scotsmen are primitive men with pale skin and red hair, though.
These savages had dark skin.
Does it matter that Panama isn't actually in South America?
He was close, very close.
It's not like he was talking about a trip to Newfoundland, or such.
I think it would be amusing to find this lost tribe of Scots and trade them Irish whiskey for furs.
She's so tiny.
Or her pictures are.
You might tell her to move to Seattle at her own expense.
Couldn't hurt.
Women leave their boyfriends for another all the time.
Did she make comments somewhere to that effect?
What if her boyfriend is a real cad, kiad?
Maybe she likes the gifts that her boyfriend buys for her, kiad.
A reasonable assumption.
Walking or driving far are both such a pain.
No, shoeboy.
In fact, you should get takeout from Kidd Valley and walk over to McDonald's to eat it.
I'm sure kiad is jealous.
Jealousy is the defining characteristic of females.
Whether she's jealous of shoeboy is another question.
shoeboy, the pay is worse, the work is less rewarding, and there's often less tail to be had.
I think one's a fool to agree to either.
A relationship good only for having someone nice looking to hang on your arm on a semiregular basis.
Would you really want a partner who would stick around with a loser when there was something better to be had?
That's like claiming to want to date an idiot.
In fact, being dumped for someone better is probably the least hurtful way to be let go of.
After all, there wasn't necessarily anything wrong with you, there was just someone better.
She'd dump you for bc as soon as he was willing to take her, ubu.
Don't get involved with her.
Or ideals at all, bc.
There's nothing reasonable about you, ill, because you just act on whim 
Little wonder, since conventional relationships require commitment.
Which is?
kiad, that would get in the way of pursuing whatever whim came up.
So, help me out here, luisa.
Is a clingy whore someone who exhibits even the slightest depth of personality and character?
That's what it sounds like you're saying.
Nobody said anything of the sort.
Frankly, I doubt you can understand actual human relationships, being as vapid and shallow as you are.
You're shallow because you're incapable of moving beyond your momentary whims to experience something of permanence.
Unlike flighty freefeelers such as yourself.
luisa, you've complained for hours on end in here about your inability to keep a man interested.
Come on.
So love is a warm flush of feeling that passes in a moment?
That's what you described.
Of course women can't love, ubu, but it's fun to try to get them to talk about it.
A close second is getting blind people to speculate on color.
Like you said, ubu, when a woman says that she loves a man, she means that he's the best thing she has going right hten.
Why not just say that you're more easily distracted?
Many women manage to stay in a relationship for decades.
Sometimes, when listening to luisa, I begin to feel that she's speaking a different language, one with many of the same words but an entirely different vocabulary.
More succinctly, luisa, what the hell are you talking about?
Many women have always made incredible sacrifices for their relationships.
There's no shame in being above most, kiad, and you are.
So are bc and shoeboy.
ubu is getting there.
You do try.
You're mostly just terribly longwinded, catty, and petty, luisa.
Sometimes you manage to be cruel, but your insults are usually lost in the sheer numbing incomprehensibility of your verbiage.
Ain't that the truth, rev.
I used to be!
I haven't picked one up in ages.
No, I think kiad is uncircumcised.
bc is a jew?
He should've told us.
It makes sense, since he's a puppetmaster and all.
Jews are manipulative, powerhungry creatures.
Hell, you mean?
It makes sense to me, but perhaps that's because she has inspired me of myself.
Once it happens, you're understand.
you'll
I can do better.
Worse, depending on how you look at it.
I can't imagine it either, kiad, since I can't imagine anything you can't imagine 'cos I wouldn't want to 'cos your imagination is so beautiful and perfect 
That was nothing, ubu.
Just wait.
You had a motivational poster in your cubicle?
That doesn't sound credible.
You are working in a dead end job, though, ill.
Did you quit?
Hello, folks.
Nobody does, rev, but the rest of us don't ignore him.
What the possiblydegrading act being discussed?
Oh dear lord yes, pooprelated acts are degrading.
I feel like less of a human simply for having to defecate now and then.
I can't say I've ever reached up there, kiad, 'cos I don't want to know exactly where the poop is.
The poop takes care of itself, and I like it that way.
Stick something else up the anus 
I don't want something.
Full stop.
Not wanting something else goes without saying.
I'm not freaking out.
I'm objecting to being anally violated.
Does that make me unreasonable?
ubu, I thought bc was in our camp, but it looks like he's been seduced too 
I take such immense pleasure from not having something jammed up my ass, that I really don't need a prostate massage, thanks.
Maybe if you ask kiad politely, Janus.
By surprise, in a dark alleyway?
I'm a cleric, so not only can I annull a marriage, I can retroactively establish relationships.
If you're both willing, Janus and kiad, you've been dating for two years.
You've been burned, Janus.
Although I can annull that too.
Fingers, surely, you fucking pervert.
What are you going to do?
kiad didn't reject you.
She's just playing hard to get.
Then you should /msg her and explain that you realize that she's interested in you but that you don't care to play any games.
She'll admire your directness and maturity.
This, Janus, is why you have so little luck with women.
Women want to be taken, not physically, but by sheer force of personality.
A woman wants a capable, confident man, who knows what he wants, and can even make her feel a little inadequate at times, not out of cruelty, but simple by dint of the strength of his will and character.
Spike is way too brooding.
I like Giles too.
He's quiet, selfassured, and capable.
He doesn't need to prove anything to anyone.
I'm not actually familiar with the shows.
For all I know, Giles is the pet cat.
And they just keep coming back, bc.
bc, I would prefer, I would enjoy taking you to dinner on Friday.
Will you be ready by 8, or should I come by at 9?
I wonder how ewww sounds in a Scottish accent.
I didn't realize that races had opposites.
Is the puzzle getting it to load?
She'd massage Willow's prostate, I imagine.
I think women just rub their prostates right out at an early age, so it's believed that they never had one to begin with.
He should've started out with more basic information, perhaps.
What is the prostate?
It's a piece of cancer that women like to rub.
Where is the prostate?
Next to your poop.
A useful PSA
So if it becomes cancerous, does a fellow have dry heaves, as it were?
bc has become way too interested in all this.
I suppose I can understand not being brutally opposed to the very notion, but active curiosity is just shameful.
You've already asked that, ubu.
I don't see quite why you care.
Yes, God knows how often you masturbate.
It pains him to watch, you know, but God has to watch everything.
Masturbation session.
Pardon me, but I've a masturbation session scheduled.
Women tend to purchase all sorts of exotic machinery to aid in masturbation.
I suppose women just like buying things.
When you're blue, me0w, do you buy yourself a new dildo and a nice pair of shoes, maybe a hat?
Is that weight or currency, me0w?
I confess I don't know how much sex machinery costs.
I would think it would be expensive, though, since it's a luxury item.
He's aroused by the smell of ozone.
Here, I think hope you meant.
bc is off imagining that poor ducky stuck up his ass, pecking away at his prostate.
ubu, yes.
I'll tell you later, maybe.
I might not know what it is.
I'll get to work.
You're generous.
And if I do not succeed?
Why would I even wish to be cruel to you?
You've done nothing to me, and I don't think you've the malice to do so in the future.
I'm a little disappointed in you.
I always took you for a funloving, rather bizarrely enjoyable fellow.
Not at all the sort who would feel the need for actual malice.
That's an interesting question, bc.
Does the ocean have water in it, or is it just water?
Answer my question first.
No, bc, you don't have malice in you.
Isn't that what you were looking for?
Maybe it was a suicide.
An accident, homicide, disease.
Unimportant people are murdered all the time.
Janus, that was pathetic.
If you want to talk to cyn, wait until she gets off the phone and just tell her want you want.
It probably won't work, but heaven knows nothing else will.
what you want
Sorry.
If she did, she would, shoeboy.
No, she's quite attainable for you, ubu.
No, shoeboy, no one was.
Unless I have the same person on ignore.
It sounded like ubu was answering for Janus, actually.
I found it odd.
Is Janus ubu?
Nobody hates you, ubu.
Nobody really likes you, but nobody hates you.
RobotSlave is on leave, though.
So he doesn't count.
Is cyn talking to ubu on the phone?
It sure sounds like it.
That's pretty much par for the course he plays on, kiad.
ubu, I think you're probably better looking than any of the AQ girls.
luisa a fine piece of ass, for sure.
Hello, folks.
No, not everything.
Wear the power suit.
I realize that.
Wear the power suit.
Reclaim the power suit in the name of feminism.
Use a tool of masculine oppression to express your independent femininity.
Also say cunt a lot.
You'll regret crossing me.
Mark my words, girl.
jakko is impotent to protect you from my wrath.
Right, wrath.
bc, are you going to get it on with jakko's sisterinlaw?
You'll probably mess it up, bc 
Don't talk like that.
Your life is already well worth living.
OK, do it.
No, woo the stone statue in the park by my place.
Do you have any idea what that word means?
Telepathically?
bc works fast.
He'll have it fucked up in a day.
As Kiss the Blade.
How the hell do you think you should introduce yourself?
With your name, goofball.
Oh, you meant like that.
Well, just say, Hello, I'm Mr.
C and I'm going to be your stalker this year.
Howdy, little lady, how 'bout we gets together sumtime, mmmkay?
Hello, I'm bc, and once you get to know me, you'll like me as much as I do!
Don't be a coward.
That's what it sounds like.
Your legal flesh and blood isn't good enough for him, jakko!
She's not some random bird, you fucking pussy.
She's family of one of your best iFriends.
Oh, she's very nice.
Yeah, put some feeling into it.
If only the world had more people who weren't just nice, but very nice.
gah, that's worse than calling her a horse, really.
Might as well say, jakko, I can't think of one positive thing about your sisterinlaw.
That's what very nice means.
I'd kill for a crack at an Amelia.
You're stupid.
I told you he'd screw it up, jakko.
He's a flake.
Yeah, like who?
What's her name?
You're taking a Candy over an Amelia?
Yeah, you're stupid, for sure.
No, it's not.
Damn straight I would be.
However, I doubt jakko would give his sisinlaw to someone who was insane and not even human.
But not sorry enough to marry his sisterinlaw.
An apology without reform is meaningless.
Why's it wrong?
Does it hurt someone?
Violate some trust?
Who does it hurt, and what trust does it violate?
I'll hurt you if you don't tell me.
I wish you would stop suggesting I do that.
Particularly in open channel.
The answer is no.
It will always be no.
So stop asking.
He was banned from #k5 for being annoying and stupid, and rightfully so.
No, of course I wouldn't.
The fact that he was banned in #k5 should indicate how annoyingly stupid he can be, though.
Don't forget to drink plenty of fluids.
Have you ever netsexed, Janus?
Yeah, right.
Was it satisfying?
What difference could that possibly make?
Did her fat fingers make her mistype?
I always thought you had such a powerful imagination, what with the superhero fucking Buffy fantasy and what not.
So why'd you say that you didn't think you had?
Vitamin defficiency, maybe?
I suppose it's possible that I've netsexed repeatedly and entirely forgotten about it.
There are quite a few stretches of time for which I have no recollection whatsoever of what I was doing.
No, it just slips away.
Here's a tip, though.
luisa can't get enough netsex sometimes.
Really.
I wouldn't lie about something like that.
What's my motivation!
Why would I want her to reject you?
That doesn't make any sense.
I've no reason to feel any malice toward you.
Or do you subscribe to the insane and not human theory?
The theory that I'm insane and not human.
I've never seen that.
Cripes.
I try to hook up a few lonely people looking for love and I'm an ass.
Cupid's job is thankless.
She's too demur and traditional.
She wants the man to take her.
That, or the typical vocabulary of a gay man.
That's beside the point, though.
She only talks like that on here.
She'd be mortified if he found out.
I've spoken to her.
She sounds paradoxically both shy and sultry.
I'm not sure if you consider that hot.
It's a shame you sound like Speedy Gonzales.
I didn't know you actually did.
That was a bit of a shot in the dark.
I'd give you her number, but I can't find it.
I have a computer right here.
I'm not sure why I write everything down on slips of paper.
You could always call and pretend to be conducting a survey.
You might even use a pay phone.
Yeah, but it's a cell phone.
Have you ever used a cell phone?
It shows the number that dialed in.
If she was suspicious, she could put it into a whitepages reverse lookup and get your address.
You probably don't want that.
Well, if you're planning on making that good of an impression, OK.
That would be a definition, if you could confirm that it was, nutter.
Don't you ever think to ask whether it's OK first, bc?
Howdy, Janus.
No you haven't.
Ethipopians
And all other years 
It's a wonder to me that anyone remains in Ethiopia.
I've read several things to that effect, bc.
Also, don't forget that the Ethiopians are holding the Ark of the Covenant hostage.
It's really little wonder they all keep dying.
Ah, so you've swallowed the Ethiopian government's propaganda.
Did you buy the bit about the Eritreans being demonspawn?
I hope you weren't that gullible.
The Ethiopians sound like fascists, bc.
And scoundrels of the first water.
Fighting a front established solely to liberate people, too.
That's obscene.
What sort of people is opposed to liberty?
So while their own people starved, the Ethiopian government poured money into maiming civilians on both sides.
I don't believe that, em.
The US has always stood for freedom.
Liberty and justice for all.
Yeah, all.
So keep your liberalist propaganda to yourself.
Warfare is going to be coming home soon.
NK is going to drop The Bomb on Seattle.
What is it good for?
In Scotland, a curry is mayonnaise smeared on sausages.
Yeah, well, authentic Ethiopian cuisine would also include dirt, dung, and thistles.
If I were Ethiopoan, I would spend my days fantasizing about eating a sweet, succulent American baby.
Did an Ethiopian mistake them for plump little sausages?
Yeah, you were burned.
You saw what she said.
Her obsequiousness just disgusted you.
As it disgusted me.
No, you considered it the fawning offer of an overlysubmissive female!
And we all know how tired we are of those.
You've a weblog?
Where is it?
OK, tell me in private.
I'm going to start a livejournal soon.
You're a jackass and you have no weblog.
Because you want to pretend you have a weblog.
Can anyone give me a livejournal code?
I don't have the money.
Also, if I had $25, I'd buy gin.
It's a scant 4120 bytes!
You're remarkable.
Come on, someone give me a livejournal code before I do something petulant.
Shut up, jerkface
Thanks, kiad!
I need a username, though.
I hadn't thought this far ahead.
Shut up, jerkface.
muahahahaha
Shut up, jerkface.
I have a free livejournal, so P
Already have enough blind guys' canes, thanks.
Yeah, well, I didn't want to give them any money.
What can I say?
If I can get the same exact thing for free as I could get for paying, I tend to keep my money.
Yeah, move your candy, chica.
It doesn't need sexual content.
I'd like to see 5th element again.
I don't feel like waiting for it to come on broadcast television, though, so I'll download it off the Internet.
Quality?
Who cares.
I want it cheap.
You shouldn't be so disrespectful.
I could do a lot for you.
That was quick.
What did you get?
Yes, get that plum wine down fast.
Take blame, maybe.
Likely story.
It's odd how most everyone here had accidently seen you get dressed, ennui.
I am every weekday.
What jpg?
bc is right, Janus.
I think Janus is talking about a video game, kiad.
I can't imagine he'd have an actual girl to buy a bathing suit for.
Yes, that's what he's doing.
Using video game money.
But yes, he's stressing about what to buy a video game girl.
Hush, both of you.
You've learned to understand women's mood swings?
Maybe she liked naked girls.
You just like watching them gyrate nude.
That's a subtle distinction, kiad.
A very subtle distinction.
I think anyone who cared to go had been there and back already.
There aren't any in Seattle, bc, being against the law.
Is fun ever dignified?
Are you there now, shoeboy?
I'll create a hybrid, the strip pub.
It'll be a hit.
I'll get my licenses straight ahead of time.
Don't you worry.
Janus, it seems they could just set one on fire.
I'm sure as hell going to move.
Being set on fire?
You son't want some nasty, diseased cunt shoved in your face, bc?
How unusual.
No kidding.
I'm with you, friend.
Uh huh.
Did you check?
Did you take a pap smear and dash back to the lab?
I'm not interested in naked women parading around while a bunch of slackjawed idiots ogle them.
There's just no appeal in it.
I'll back you up, shoeboy.
So will em.
I don't know how?
ennui, which side are you on?
ennui, ah, you're a hardline prosanity, prohumanity type.
muahaha
It should automatically save in notepad for you.
Of course, that feature would probably screw up too.
Email it to me, too.
Since it was posted by peter.
It doesn't say composed by peter.
There you go.
Yeah, what if we don't/
em, are you Noam Chomsky on K5?
Noam Chompsky, I think it actually is.
Not even with a 'p'?
It's just curious, is all, the way he often writes diaries about things you seem to be thinking about, or at least talking about in channel.
I'm just saying.
I didn't mean for it to sound like an accusation.
Just after you were all gungho about natural selection in here.
It wouldn't be the first time someone argued with their own diary.
Still, like I said, I'm not accusing.
So how'd you like it?
Arguing with yourself for the first time.
I misread.
I'm sorry.
Or maybe you miswrote.
I'll leave it to the philosophers to sort out the difference.
I hope you didn't come in here right after you finished jerking it.
What will that get you?
It helps you with the ladies?
Tell you what, do you remember the plan from yesterday?
Then you'll recall that there was a key piece missing.
Well, I found it!
Yes, I have.
Now, I hesitate, though 
What if I am wrong?
I was speaking in vague terms for a reason!
You just gave even more away.
Yes, but you excluded people!
Thanks for cutting the list down even more.
Why wouldn't you, though?
No, you said Don't worry.
I won't cough anyway.
Why not?
For crying out loud!
That's not what I'm asking!
Find the line, spoken by you, that starts Don't worry.
I won't.
Yes, then.
Different people were here.
I'm hardly afraid, but I didn't want to mess up The Plan.
It seems there is no plan, though, so what does it matter.
No, I can't set you up with cyndrekit, actually, since I don't want to die.
No, no.
She's a sweet girl.
Yeah, you're not bc.
Kinda the point, really.
No, no.
I think everything has been straightened out.
No, of course not.
That's outrageous.
Like a said, cyn is a sweet girl.
Understandably, since luisa and kiad are both gay men.
She's a socialist Jewish bisexual.
I figured I'd just come clean with you.
It would've been pretty funny if you called luisa and found that she was a guy, but it doesn't look like you would've.
Timidity isn't sexy.
I think people are born with the personality they die with, actually.
There's little point in us telling you how you should be different.
You were a homosexual sissy boy?
That doesn't mean anything.
John Elway was cute.
Well, I spoke too hastily.
You might change, it's true.
It's possible, but only if you really forced yourself to act like the sort of person you want to be.
Most people can't manage it, no matter how much they want it.
You should probably take it little steps at a time.
Make yourself become social in a less highpressure environment, until you become good at it.
Then move on.
You need practice, though, and with practice you could become confident, charming, and engaging, if always a little reserved.
You can purchase soda at Target.
Aren't you employed?
I was employed when a full time college student.
You should've jumped on it!
luisa, love 
That's my dream job.
Welcome back!
Why shouldn't I be?
No, you don't.
I'll just assume it's the sleepiness talking, then, and not become angry with you.
Well, when you behave so offensively, it's sometimes tempting to become angry with you.
That you sincerely believe that is largely why your rudeness is endearing instead of annoying.
I was raised to be that way.
I often find it endearing in myself.
Don't be so easily upset, luisa.
You know I adore you, so a patronizing tone now and then shouldn't put you too far off.
You both rather like being lied to, but only with particular sorts of lies.
Coming on a bit strong there, Janus.
You don't have a soulmate.
I'm fairly sure having a soul is a prerequisite >
When did you last see your soulmate, just out of curiosity?
OK, that's reasonable, then.
If you hadn't seen him in, say, four years.
Aren't there cinemas in Houston?
Have someone bring you a movie.
Have whoever brings the movie bring that too.
It would only be temptation if what I suggested were wrong.
Hardly, and it's not even so much.
You're well worth it, I'm sure.
It's not a favor.
I'm sure he delights in indulging you.
No, it's the point.
He'll get at least as much pleasure out of doing this for you as you will get from having him do it.
She wants me.
It's somewhat nerdy to feel strongly about an operating system.
You've slept quite enough for a while.
That actually doesn't sound half bad.
More worst than best, though.
Would you just wander in confusion for a while once you arrived at the video store before leaving emptyhanded?
Working out while buzzed is fantastic.
luisa is right.
Yeah, real churches.
There's a St.
Kitty's in Tacoma.
It's an independent church, I think, which for all practical purposes isn't a church at all, I suppose.
It's not as though attending an independent church will keep one out of hell.
You know how founded the first independent church?
That's right, Satan did.
Ideally, I'd like to be damned but assigned a place in paradise due to a clerical error.
That way I could wander the golden streets moaning about my damnation while all the saints looked at me funny.
Howard Levey doesn't sound a bit Satanic.
Sleazy, though, in a harmless way.
Wasn't that enough?
I'd like to overthrow Christianity, if only to get at the Vatican's stash of pornography.
I'm told it's gigantic.
Right.
I want to decorate my house with the Pope's porno.
Unless by Satanist they just mean potsmoking angsty kid.
Genetic engineering will make the process more efficient by producing huge foxes, each of which will have enough fur for ten thousand stoles.
Man, I love science.
Hey, science can hack it.
Science can make anything.
Eventually.
These things take time.
I'm bitter too, mind you.
Don't think I can't sympathize.
The year 2000 was supposed to be a lot different than it was.
Oh, sure, it's easy to call them morons in hindsight.
Examples?
I get most of my news from right here.
That's sort of push content.
Someone tell me what's going on!
We, personally?
You and me?
I'm afraid to look now.
There are not.
Aww, yeah!
Take that, Saddam.
This is fantastic.
Do I get to be a feudal lord of part of Iraq now?
I'll whip 'em into shape right quick.
I'll form a Kurdish army and we'll sweep down into Ethiopia and wipe those bastards out.
Not familiar with that one, ennu|.
luisa really is quite the carnivore, isn't he, zikzak?
Oops, she.
I want us to someday have the courage to admit to each other than we're all gay men.
Every single last one of us.
That can be treated with genetic engineering.
I didn't figure it had, zikzak, but somebody has to ban Vlad if he comes in, and by god, if no one else will, I'll have to.
Are you asking me how I spot Vlad?
He probably could but didn't care.
Hello, folks.
Janus, how are you!
I don't know.
I think she was talking to me.
I'm doing pretty good.
I've performed many domestic tasks today.
Tomorrow I may do taxes!
Hardly.
They're a pain.
I thought you had no money.
I've been debating buying a gaming console of some sort.
A used computer seems like a great deal.
I have a 4.
5 year old computer and a 2 year old one would be swell.
How much do you want, zikzak?
More generally, that's true about a lot of things.
I would want all sorts of things if people would just bring them to me.
Yes, what's the fundamental essense of existence.
Tell us!
Dammit, zikzak, if you're thinking of a punchline, I'm angry with you.
One governs one's own universe with one's thoughts.
This is true.
Just dream the reality you wish to live in, and it will be so.
Where did Diamond Dave come in?
That's the only one that matters.
Gay guys go bald all the time.
More than straight guys, possibly.
I don't believe in homosexuality.
It just doesn't strike me as credible.
Men don't actually have sex with other men.
A myth, surely.
Because, like you said, he's having anal sex with a woman.
None, I'm sure.
However, homosexuality requires sex with a person of the same sex.
That's just what it means.
I'm not going to grope at all.
Spill your seed while you think of luisa|.
She likes that.
If you had a speechtotext program, you could.
It's a silly question.
How could you possibly sodomize yourself?
I bet you couldn't.
Prove me wrong.
You can't do it, is what you mean.
Go on, try.
Girls who suck their own wangs?
That's not credible.
Nobody is that flexible.
I don't believe it's possible.
Yeah, I bet they could.
luisa, you've an ungodly sized clitoris, though.
I was talking about normal girls.
They're too flexible to be people, so one has to wonder what they are.
What in blazes is a cameltoe?
Well, other than the obvious.
That looks like a porn site.
Oh forget it.
I don't want to know.
Oh dear lord, I think I just figured it out.
You're revolting, ennius_.
Then why am I revolted?
When I'm king, I'm going to outlaw flesh.
Who told you that?
ennius_ didn't sound turned on.
Come on, Janus, stand up for yourself.
Be turned on by anything you want to be.
You already are.
Why not?
I bet a lot of hot chicks are attracted to pure freakishness.
Enter communism.
I have to ask, do you call me 'qpt' because it's shorter?
If so, get a client with nickname completion.
On the other hand, if you think you're so damn clever for figuring out something that wasn't even a secret, then fuck off.
Sorry, that was harsh.
Thanks!
Fruity?
You fuck.
I'm going to kick ban you.
No, everyone else has already said it.
I'm very much tempted to kick ban you.
When have I ever said something honest about, well, anything?
Well, have I been lying.
I thought everyone knew =
He's quite white, yes.
I've spent too much of my life not adequately leveraging my white maleness.
Am I Jewish?
That would explain the insane inhumanity.
That's much too personal a question.
What risk?
I didn't realize we were competing.
This is just a chat room, no?
You're just babbling.
I'll leave you alone until you find coherence.
Don't go to Denny's.
Wouldn't it be empty?
I wouldn't say no to a good waffle.
That all looks so fantastic.
I don't even know what that means.
I would have the stead and eggs.
The 'k' and 'd' keys are right next to each other.
uh, yeah.
Dvorak keyboard.
seventypercent is insane and seventypercent is not a human.
Would you agree to buttsex?
Not with me, mind you.
Just in general.
Even buttsex?
I do adore you sometimes.
I'd kick him for that, but for the obvious.
Where do you need to go?
What did you dream?
It's a bit after 3?
Actually.
That should provide at least momentary confusion.
Welcome back, luisa.
Yeah, that's what having a bed will do.
Well, she didn't used to have a bed, and had to sleep on a pile of tattered rags.
Why don't you eat?
I was, uncharitably, thinking it was the drugs, ubu.
Thanks for correcting me.
Speaking of food, I think I'd like a delicious bowl of cream of wheat.
ennui, I appreciate the offer, but I'm craving that wheaty taste.
So no thanks.
Look, the answer is no.
Just deal with it.
I don't want your god damn cream you fucking pervert!
Hello, folks.
I don't think I've ever even seen grits on the menu.
So deliciously wheaty.
You're just not that bad.
We're going to have to get you a better ISP one of these days.
Women aren't expected to be reasonable and you'll spoil him if you are too often.
Maybe that's the idea.
Oh, I would!
Don't think that I wouldn't, even for a moment.
You'd get over him, and you'd be a better person for it.
What you want isn't important, luisa.
These decisions need to be made on the basis of what's good for you.
Fur isn't clothing?
It's clothing.
What's wrong with regular clothing?
Warmed particles of air.
Well, people would stare, and you'd hate that.
People do notice naked girls on the street.
I promise you.
I think you're mistaken, but there's no way to test your hypothesis.
No easy way.
That's hardly a trivial matter.
If I had a couple chaps follow you around with batterypowered blow driers, would that work?
The blow driers?
Anyway, that plan wouldn't work.
The noise of the blow driers would draw attention, fouling the results of the experiment
Well, taxes are done, and I'm getting a refund.
Yayish.
Hey, bc.
49/41 here.
It hardly ever freezes.
I'm not that close to the Pacific Ocean.
No, it still gets foggy, go figure.
I think Seattle is about 150 miles from the Pacific, if you're a bird.
Maybe a bit more.
Well, I meant 150 thousand miles.
Did I say miles?
I meant light years.
Shut up, jerkface.
How many hot dogs is that, pb, laid end to end?
No, no.
Even footlong hot dogs aren't a foot long.
Oddly enough.
Let's say 8 inches.
I don't know.
That's why I asked you.
How much does a hot dog weigh?
Less than a pound and more than an ounce.
I'm metricignorant.
100 grams?
If you told me that I weighed 100 grams, I'd believe you.
But who eats hot dogs, really?
That's a good thought.
Largish sasusages are four to a bound.
I just bought some lamb and pinenut sausages the other day.
bound should be pound
I think I'm not interested in facts like a hot dog's actual weight when trying to address a question as metaphysically significant as the one currently posed.
I had to read Heidegger standing up.
That was the idea.
Not as distracting as falling asleep on the book and drooling.
He'll have cyn paint it.
I'm not going to put that filth in the topic.
You look like an idiot putting your own lines in the topic, ubu.
Yeah, I've got your back.
I'll give you a k if you name the car after me.
No, I was planning on sponsoring you.
I said I'll give you a k if you name the car after me.
Angel Eyes
No, ubu, that's not close enough.
Just a tip, though, make sure the check clears before you paint anything on it.
So you'd paint it on there before you even got the check?
I mean, I'll send it.
You know I will.
shoeboy, given the choices between RobotSlave and Janus?
Yeah, how's that working out?
She's probably just deleting them at this point, shoe.
You should send large glossy prints in an envelope stamped IMPORTANT via the post.
shoeboy, perdida or your genitals?
Plus, you'd have little use for perdida if you had not genitals.
It was a silly question on my part.
Although, I'm told a man can gain pleasure by being fingered in the anus, but I'm sure that's too unnervingly heathen for you to even contemplate, being an excultist, and all.
I don't believe there is suck a gland.
I did a google search, and all I got was a page on snopes.
I hate those types that look like they mean something.
God damn it, typos.
I'm going back to bed =
Pathetic.
GWB's niece is better looking than his daughters.
Maybe a little.
Then you're just going to have to tell me who you're talking abo.
oh, perdida.
Sure it's possible.
Science makes everything possible.
Some things are possible with science but impossible without it.
You bastard, you just said it was not possible for DeNiro and Grant to have a baby.
Shut up, jerkface.
tsk, this is a familyfriendly channel.
You need to settle down.
At least stop being so combative.
I prefer stoicism.
Being stoic, I don't care when you call me a loser.
I will, however, kick ban you if you don't stop being so combative.
Hugh Grant or pseudoHugh Grant?
I've always suspected the latter.
The abstract and most ultimately real Hugh Grant, knowable only by the Philosopher, yes.
Echinacea is most palatably taken as a concentrate in vinegar.
I think it's just you.
I don't see anyone else jumping to affirm your theory.
If it's so common, why have I never heard of it?
I can't be both, I suppose.
Maybe I deign not to devote the vast powers of my imagination to a subject so pedestrian as nursesex.
Yeah, the very first hit on that search makes me want to investigate further.
Chicks dig wrinkly clothes.
OK, I made that up.
But you prefer nudity.
John Amaechi, of the Utah Jazz
Maybe all the <400 accounts will be erased.
They're all abysmal.
Who doesn't like orange?
I'm going to go look for love and a gyro, in all the wrong places.
I generally do.
I didn't say in the same places.
I'm back.
I don't want to start.
I found both love and a gyro on my walk.
I didn't spend anywhere near $20, if it's any of your business.
I found love, you freak, not a prostitute.
Oh, they gave me the gyro for free in exchange for a promise to never return.
I haven't seen snow in ages.
Several weeks, anyway.
Wee, how fun.
Snow doesn't need foreplay.
Being walked on, also like you.
Will you just go work on the stinkin' project and leave us to think of ways ennui is like snow?
Thanks.
And the only way to move you is with a shovel or a blower.
Like snow, people often spend weeks waiting for enough inches of ennui to accumulate for them to engage in their sporting activities.
Well, I didn't specify length, did I?
No, I don't think you had.
Tell us why you adore her.
I'm sure we're all curious.
Earlier I thought you were saying that kiad for RobotSlave had been a bad trade.
zuul, seen bc?
Then why'd you ask?
Hello, luisa.
What theory?
No, don't allow anchors.
Links are ruining the web.
Alternately, don't actually authenticate users.
Just let someone log in with any old password.
See if anyone notices.
How about this?
Require that everyone use their username backwards as their password, then you don't need to store the password anywhere, you can just figure out what it is!
What are you going to do with your weblog software when complete?
That would be novel.
Putting a piece of software on sourceforge after it's finished.
You should see if Oracle is interested in buying it.
They like Java, and they like tying anything and everything to their RDBMS.
And she didn't love him as a pauper?
Oh, darn.
This always happens to me.
I don't watch the show everyone decides to talk about =
You should drop her a line, shoe.
I don't like pornography.
I'm insane and not human, though.
Dildos made of sticks, rocks?
Those aren't dildos.
They're spear straighteners.
Were nerds sexual desirable to the ancient Minoans?
I return.
Shut up, jerkface.
Hello, lovely.
Ready to upgrade to men?
But why?
So you hate that they have a mind and will of their own?
They'd be pretty boring, if they didn't.
Maybe you should just get a robot.
A sex robot.
He probably had to attend to his other woman.
I could use a snack, so make me something too, OK?
That wasn't polite.
Hello, luisa.
Even steal my data?
God damn them.
God damn all real countries to hell.
I heard of a fellow who got paid to write a perl script once, ennui.
twas kip.
And none other.
Anyway, I think it's OK for ugly people to work in service positions.
Someone has to.
I don't care if the dishwasher is ugly, or whatever.
Oh, a moment.
It's good to have a backup.
Women are so undependable, after all.
Yeah, bc, shove your nose in my rosebud.
Just try it, buddy.
You're a cracker, luisa.
Through and through.
She's a damn whitey redneck, kiad.
And don't believe anything else.
ennui, K5ers have loads of money they earned perl scripting.
I think the truth is somewhere in between.
Although they may be broke, mommy would help.
MySQL sounds difficult to configure correctly.
Maybe the documentation is bad.
Who is ana voog?
Damn it, someone give me a URL to her livejournal right now.
Clickable, please.
For free, ennui.
I don't want to pay, either.
Thanks, honey buns!
No, linguistics is just so right.
That's what you do, right?
You got me 
Christ, this livejournal is so long and impossible to read.
Someone give me a summary.
For free.
I hate paying for things, and you'll probably do a bad job regardless of how much I pay you.
Thanks, rev.
That sucked.
You're fired.
Sure it's possible.
pb both are herpes simplex.
One's type A, though, and the other type B.
Is there an A?
It seems there should be.
What does it do?
Shingles?
Why don't you ask her, luisa, and quit your goddamn bitching.
Fuck off.
bc, you're asking me if you'd take yourself back?
Seems only one person could know that, hey?
Then let's all ignore her.
If she were to read a log of this chat and she'll certainly have the opportunity to she'd feel so flattered.
Sounds a lot like you, luisa.
I paid her $50 to get herpes on ennui.
This is true.
I feel gyped, though, now that I learn what sort of herpes it was.
You don't buy things when broke then get mad at your boy?
The hell you don't!
Just yesterday you were fuming at that little dork.
You were irked.
Irked to the point of rudeness.
Oh shut up.
luisa is all bark.
Didya get it after you sticked 'er bumper, ennui?
Robbed it from where?
You can't have expected bc to come up with an original logo, kiad.
You really should, luisa.
I bet you'd like each other.
Maybe she'd let you rub her bosom.
We know how you love breasts.
Don't be vicious.
You sound like a caveman.
Me did hat logo!
Will you cut it out with the honor crap?
We're tired of hearing about how honorable you are.
Calm down, love.
She's not worth it.
Don't let it be about money.
That's so mercenary.
Absolutely.
Oh god, I'll never speak to you again if you don't.
Because, I had a dream.
In this dream, you and her were at a party.
And, well, you have to go.
Fine, take the boyfriend.
I don't have it, ennui.
What's it worth to you, ennui?
I don't see why you're so incredibly jealous of her, luisa.
You sure act like it.
I'll admit, only you know how you feel toward her, but you act exactly like someone who's being gnawed by jealousy.
So you're jealous of her ability to court ugly geeks, whatever that means.
I wonder why?
So you're jealous because they're not stupid.
Refusing free stuff sounds stupid to me.
If anyone offered me anything, I'd take it!
But you could've had both!
I don't think nerds are actually smarter than most.
They're just autistic.
I think being a nerd simply means being mildly autistic.
Some nerds are smart, some are dumb, most are just average.
That's what mild autism is, rev.
An innate social inability.
inaptitude is acceptable.
No, I looked it up after I said it was acceptable.
Because I was siezed by sudden doubt.
You've nothing to lose.
That did work out well.
shoeboy, you could pack your OED down to the airport.
You're nothing if not desperate, right?
Whoever you think will win.
Don't root for either.
Just watch hoping for a lot of injuries.
ennui, if you shoot him a couple times first, you'll have an easier time of it.
Then stop.
Ah, the epic story of Mortal Kombat, which had nothing whatsoever to do with the game.
Yet, there they were, punching each other to death, regardless.
Describe your missing adjective.
One of us will have seen it.
disigenuous is correct.
fuck it, no it isn't
disingenuous is correct.
And doing a pisspoor job.
I just type too poorly.
I can't believe I missed the 'n'.
Probably the easiest letter in the whole word.
I'd like to be bad enough to rescue a kitten from a playful puppy.
How bad is Janus?
I had no idea.
The Speaker of the House is possibly a beautiful lady.
Evaluate.
A mind like a fuckin' steel trap.
How bad is team #adequacy, taken together?
If we did, ennui would be the wang, for sure.
Well, I was going to let it be a surprise.
kiad will be the nipples, and luisa will be the tummy.
Yes, it does.
bc will be the heart.
raoul, the fists.
em and I will compose the brain, and ubu will be the mouth.
cp will be the eyes and ears.
I wouldn't think a superbeing would need to urinate.
rev can be the cunt.
I should hope not, ennui.
Yes, we will drown ninjas in oceans of ejaculate.
It was raoul.
Can't ennui just get off on a woman, or something?
I think the superbeing will have better things to do than masturbate constantly.
I'll tell you later.
Try to stop me.
I don't see why not, ubu.
The superbeing will be able to pork Elizabeth Taylor when she was hot.
Why'd you stop, then?
I put used cooking oil inside an empty bottle of Bombay Sapphire for disposal.
It looked just like thick, syrupy urine, with dark chunks of something or other.
I could use the $400 to purchase more gin and oil, start a business.
A business telling stories about oil that looks like thick, syrupy urine when placed in a particular sort of bottle.
The best part will be emptying all those bottles of gin and using all that oil.
I'm a cracker.
Hello, folks.
It's AngelEyes.
Don't let ennius be a bad influence on you.
You have to phrase it as a wish, ennui.
That's one.
woohoo!
I wonder how long before a full 50% of the people in here are ennui.
Are you even eligible?
I can't imagine you leading an army.
You're just too careless!
I have a book here coauthored by Hyman Gross.
Some people have such loving parents.
I assume Ice sounds better in whatever language it was originally named in.
Brittle, like a sword should be.
bc's sword was forged in the distant past; afterward the secret of steel forging was lost.
Only to be rediscovered much later.
Now, how it could be Damascus steel in any meaningful sense eludes me.
I'll asume bc was speaking metaphorically.
It's a shame you're only partly Scottish, you know.
Good riddance.
I love me sometimes.
bc, one can't conquer anything with 20,000 men these days.
Will England intervene?
ennui is just a damn friendly chap.
And he's always on the lookout for booty.
Sure looked like it, bc.
He was grabassing away even as she walked out the door.
Well, we were a bit taken aback by your blatant grabassery.
Speechless, one might say.
Speechless with shock and shame.
I wanted to die, ubu.
I wanted to be swallowed up in the earth.
Don't you ever humiliate me like that it again, you horrid wretch!
I hate you, ennui!
That, and try to get some booty.
More the latter, really, isn't it?
Oh, ample is never enough for your sort.
Or anyone else, really.
Hit a pub and call it a night, ubu.
I now work in a Sprint call center, telemarketing.
No, it's hateful.
How many abortions could you realistically need?
My tale is actually the same as ennui's, just from the other side.
Well, jokes are normally amusing.
I wish to be opped.
Come on, everyone else agree.
Thank you =
heh, who indeed.
I thought you disliked her.
Regardless, you can't suck up to her if she's not here.
It won't do any good.
That's an excellent idea.
Include in the email some personal expression of affection that aren't fit for the channel at large?
You have me there.
I think she can do it in her sleep.
That was strangely appropriate.
She would've melted.
Just strike it from the log and file it for later use.
zool is teh coolest.
zuul is teh coolest?
zuul, wake up
Hello, folks.
Still just three, unless I'm missing some.
And hate is what you'll get.
Two sets of twins?
There are only three seasons.
Well, in Seattle, we have spring, summer, and fall.
Are you unsatisfied now?
And I asked if you were unsatisfied.
I'm just trying to get a feel for how you're doing, friend.
I don't want any women.
There's no accounting for tastes.
Women are best taken in small doses.
Any more is obnoxious.
I couldn't possibly need a whole woman to myself.
Is it?
I am insane and not human, I've been told.
But why?
I can't say I'm interested.
It seems like too much work.
I like disappointing people.
Hello, Janus.
Drink a lot of coffee.
I'm both hungry and desiring of a nap.
I'm still hungry.
luisa, nourish me, please.
Surprise me!
I'm not sure I can wait.
I should've had the foresight to store a week's worth of vital nutrients in my body, like the Mexican does.
Luck be with you, you lucky Mexican midget.
I feel a bit strange.
Does it sound like a 1920's car horn?
Does his house get broken into that often?
I would be upset if burglarized monthly.
He ditched you in the pouring rain, or he's drinking in the pouring rain?
Also, don't you perhaps think you're maybe being just a mite bit clingy?
Oh, of course.
You're right, bc.
ennui is insufferable.
You've not been together for a year.
There's a reason the word starts with anni, love.
Well, you're observing it.
Or they start that way.
I think a woman should be disregarded and taken for granted equally every day.
That wouldn't happen to luisa's relationship, ennui.
I'm not that interested in them.
I committed to coming here for a few years, thinking it would be fun to see the sights, and what not.
I don't really like it here, though.
It was a mistake to quit your job, or you didn't mean to do it at the time?
Life is a rich and beautiful thing.
But yeah, pointless.
em, enlighten us.
Life is like a strumpet.
OK, nap time.
If anyone disturbs me, I'm going to be annoyed to an entirely unreasonable degree.
Childish and ineffective, em.
You killed his 'net connection with beeps, I expect.
Huffing gold paint gives one a pretty face.
Why wouldn't the glitter fall right off?
I wear glittery eye makeup.
Don't patronize me.
Janus is luisa?
But the two people right now denoted as Janus and luisa are not numerically identical?
For luisa?
I'd be flattered if someone destroyed a continent for me.
Even if it were a small continent.
Did you already?
I'm touched 
Very well, what would you do for me?
Excellent.
There are Buffy books?
Seminal works of literature, I'm sure.
I would imagine so.
Being shallow and ignorant, they wouldn't get caught up on such messy details as characters and theme.
Perhaps even plot could be dispensed with.
Stick to pure dialog.
Umm, like totally.
What if she lost weight?
On her chest, even.
Your analogy with demons confused me, since, well, demons don't exist, so it doesn't really make any less sense to say one thing about them than another.
Oh, why do I bother.
Yes, but as they grew evil, they became evil, incisive, that.
Helo, ubu.
To be even more accurate, you've never seen a demon at all.
I was trying to prompt a correction, luisa, but he always seems to be able to tell when it's intentional.
Anything can be debated.
That doesn't change the fact that there are no demons.
You've been talking about that blasted television show this entire time?
Floating checks is stupid.
I'll lend you both money if I can rub it your faces for the rest of forever.
Sure, just send me an account#.
Should I be ashamed that I've lost nothing because of overdrafts?
ubu is right.
If you look at bank's filings, you'll see lines like Silly Loan Total for Q3 and what not.
I've never received a speeding ticket.
I have received anything, though, if by anything, you meant something.
I've never paid a legal fine, Janus.
ubu, what's overdraft protection?
According to my bank, I've overdraft protection for $500, but when I asked a teller what that was, he just looked at me through narrowed eyes, and asked, Why do you want to know?
Planning on writing bad checks?
I think my bank would just look at me with narrowed eyes and ask, Why were you in the middle of the desert to begin with?
God damn it.
ATT thought it would be fun to process my credit card payment twice.
For them, I'm sure.
They recorded it twice, too, which is somewhat galling.
They're not even trying to lie about it.
Should I just let it be or call and complain tomorrow?
I'll just end up having to pay it next month, if I get it back.
Nah, they recorded it twice, Janus, so I have a balance now.
However, they robbed me of valuable interest I could've earned.
He's got two out of three, ubu.
That's dishonest.
Eh, it's just a wise investment.
Is the shot cheaper than an abortion?
And it's sure as hell cheaper than a kid.
Oh, we all know you two are going at it like bunnies, so there's no sense in pretending.
But you love sex.
What if he wants only sex?
The distinction, while subtle, is crucial.
There ought to be a trial.
I want to preside.
I thought I was fair, strict, and incisive.
I already did get the explanation, without asking for it.
You don't want to know.
Damn it, luisa, if you're going to rudely lay that stuff on me without warning, I'm going to drop vague hints here and there.
Yeah, you've resisted telling us about how great the sex is, luisa.
Mostly.
One can have sex with a shampoo bottle?
Did you see that done somewhere or think of it yourself?
Didn't ubu just say he was struggling with finances?
I think a lapdance is a bad idea.
They broke up last night.
Fucking women can't listen to save their lives.
Too much, perhaps.
It was a love not meant for this mortal plane.
Perhaps in the afterlive your love can be renewed.
I swear to god, if you ever again claim not to want to wear clothes to anything at all, I'm going to kickban your attention whoring ass.
You've been warned.
Decency, perhaps?
Then why'd you bring it up?
Stop talking about your undergarments!
Stop talking about your craving for nudity!
Stop talking about your yeast infection, or whatever in god's names is wrong with your cunt!
Just stop.
I don't care.
Yeah, you pussies made me ask.
I did.
I think we decided that parts of luisa are tighter than other parts, and there is nothing tighter than those parts that are tightest.
Something like that.
I wasn't going to mention details.
I imagine it would hardly accommodate a child's pinky, or would if I imagined such things at all.
That seems unlikely, unless you've a slack ass.
This conversation is absurdly academic, though, in the worst way.
ubu, I enjoin you, as an agent of the court, to gather empirical data at the first available opportunity.
Until then, the discussion will be shelved.
Even pretty girls poop, Janus.
Ours is the best of all possible worlds, gentle Janus.
Don't worry about corecting yourself, ubu will catch it.
ubu, you were supposed to demonstrate.
An idealist is like a phenomenalist, but different in some important respect that is presently eluding me.
Have you tried Nair?
It's a lot like eating with chopsticks if you use chopsticks to pull the hairs, and then, well, eat them.
No, no.
The antibiotics weren't the problem, per se.
I wasn't lying.
I was working with the best information I had.
Your uterus has too much love in it.
And acne keeps one from having sex.
Janus has a point.
Wouldn't that drive her mad, ubu?
I think I would enjoy luisa with a syphilisravaged mind.
I wouldn't ravage you if you were infected.
I'm not stupid.
If you caught an STD then, you could very well still have it.
And you shuffle away a shattered shell of a woman.
I'm sorry, but the thought of you feeling dehumanized makes me giggle.
Are you sure it's not just the cardboard tube from a usedup role of paper towels, ubu?
You're going to stick your unit into a known hazard area?
You're either incredibly brave or foolish, man!
I suspect you're using the term sex in some fantastically limited way, luisa.
No, sex is probably unprotected vaginal intercourse resulting in intravaginal ejaculation, according to your usage, or something else equally absurdly limited.
So if you pull out and squirt it on her round, taut belly, it's not sex?
That's a clever way to think of it, ubu, so if you underperform, it's not sex.
So you can rightly say you've never had bad sex.
Devious!
Yeah, luisa, people pretty much think what I want them to, generally.
What's she going to do, not put out again?
There are plenty of bitches in the sea.
er, fish in the clubs.
Whatever.
I don't think it does, actually, luisa.
I agree, bc, they are.
Throatfucking?
That doesn't ring any bells, bastard.
Before my time, perhaps?
That's quite an accusation.
I don't suppose you've even fabricated evidence?
Take as much time as you need.
I remember it somewhat differently.
It hardly seems that I can preside at my own trial.
Unless this is a kangaroo court.
Very well, may the court come to order.
Representing the state's interest in AngelEyes vs.
adequacy is bc, and the charge is violation of all standards of commond decency, particularly relating to an alleged instance of talk about throatfucking.
Has the defendent secured representation?
I intend to represent myself, your honor.
The court rules in favor of the defendent by default.
Not guilty.
I'm thankful that the courts proved themself, that justice was served.
Thank god, and I think my family for all their support through this trying time!
Next time bc brings up those horrid accusations, I intend to sue him for defamation.
Is that a film?
She doesn't look like all that to me.
She looks all of thirteen.
You offended my sensibilities.
If you had aroused my desires, I would've said, Please, bc, do continue.
Yeah, I'll take that under advisement.
Thanks.
I like pretty girls wearing cashmere sweaters, their hair ruffled by the breeze as they stand on a bleak, windswept beach.
That's no reason to frown.
Surely I must have my own personality ?
holy christ
i want to be naked
why hasn't my boy called?
Night!
Do I really have no personality?
Then why do you complain about me being evil?
Surely it's not my part.
part > fault.
Put in a healthy, positive environment, how I would shine!
If I am a mirror, from whence is this choice derived?
Or are you saying that I have a personality that I simply do not display?
Haha, beaten, you retreat to absurdity.
I want to eat luisa's soul, but I didn't make it.
Hello, folks.
Yes, ennui?
Thank you.
A good evening to you likewise.
Actually, fi  2311 <kiad> I'm saving myself for shoeboy.
I made a database, ennui, crossindexed by topic.
You're on kiad's side, right, ennui?
Well, yes, ennui.
Everyone who isn't on kiad's side will be kickbanned when kiad comes back.
She's coming soon, you know.
She said she would.
She came and went, isn't quite so messianic.
I probably should.
kiad will save us.
I can't help but observe that you're having trouble thinking of an irrelevant observation or song lyric.
In luck, you say?
I will not have sex with you.
I was making a prediction, not necessarily articulating my feelings on the matter, although I may have been doing that also.
It's a losing proposition.
People are dying more quickly than you can have sex with them.
My point is that people are being born, living, dying, and rotting away faster than you can have sex with them.
You can't have sex with everyone.
It's not healthy to want sex too much.
I can't be bothered to think about women.
All I want is money and power.
Oh god how I want money and power.
Yes, absolutely.
No, I don't want sex.
That's nonsense.
I don't believe I'm substantially motivated by either.
All of the above, wtf.
I want way more power than I need in order to mate.
No, I have an interest in sex, but lust for power and wealth is what eats away at me.
Or your theory is incomplete.
Why can't I want power for its own sake?
You've accused me of being insane repeatedly.
I don't see what's insane about wanting power for its own sake, though.
Someone has to be in charge, kingputs.
Why not me?
Probably.
I'm not just idly raving, either.
I have a plan, and it's a sound plan that could work.
Every day I spend several hours, at least, implementing my plan.
It's a twenty year plan, broken out into five year plans, and the first five year plan is broken into one year plans.
He fought in World War I, didn't he?
He might've killed someone.
Women are just a distraction from the important things in life.
Hello, luisa.
Damn woman.
zuul, luisa?
aqbot, luisa?
zuul, aqbot?
zuul, zuul
aqbot, zuul
aqbot, zuul?
aqbot, forget zuul
zuul, forget aqbot
zuul, aqbot is <reply> I never heard of the fellow.
Are you looking for #slashdot?
zuul, aqbot is <reply> I never heard of the fellow.
Are you looking for #slashdot\?
I hate you.
zuul, aqbot is <reply> I never heard of the fellow.
Are you looking for #slashdot\?
Watch yourself.
It's Janus.
I'm still scheming your downfall, little man!
I'm just kidding.
I wish you well, truth be told.
What would count as proof to you?
Neither of those would make you happy.
Selfconfidence!
It's a process, though, and these things take time.
Just look at your progress with luisa!
Surely that makes you feel better about yourself.
Ah, excellent, she's pinged out.
Anyway, she commented on you briefly in private the other day.
Well, it wasn't bad.
I don't really remember what she said, and AIM doesn't log.
She said something along the lines that you made her laugh.
I'm not sure if you consider that good.
Your grade will suffer.
Do you have anything better going on now?
Can't stay away, can you?
I don't think anyone's here.
At 5am.
Industrious.
Been spending time with a light box?
As opposed to a heavy, dark box.
A black box, perhaps.
Filled with sand.
Black sand, from Hawaii.
Oh really?
It's not been working out, I see.
You're not trying hard enough.
Do you need some tips?
Take a chain, a padlock, and a cinderblock.
Find a bridge over some water that's at least six or seven feet deep.
Chain your ankles together, run the chain through the block, lock it all up tight, and hop in.
Best of luck!
ah, she's going to screw it up.
I should've suggested something simpler.
Three pieces of hardware, plus a specialized location?
Not a chance.
Are you to be his lover?
Don't you find insecure, abusive, alcoholic British men apealing?
Or was that someone else?
For what do you want a tutorial?
Number 1 at what?
I wish I were a girl, so I could be your lover.
Oh, I'm sure that's not the case!
Do you have many homosexual encounters?
Hello, bastard.
aww, it's a term of endearment when I say it to you.
Say, if you were a girl, would you want Janus or a part of him inside of you?
I know I would.
A simple yes or no would've sufficed, but thanks.
Why shouldn't he let kiad see, bc?
Protected?
It's hardly harassment to to express interest in someone.
What are you getting at, bc?
I already know, of course, but I want to hear you say it.
Quite.
You're trying to keep Janus from getting at something.
kiad, to be specific.
Nobody told you she was French.
I think you misread.
Anyway, cyn would be a fine object of your attention.
She'd be difficult, but I think you could snag her.
There aren't any stupid people.
There are simply people who don't share your opinions.
Hello, lovely.
But bacteria can be dangerous.
Maybe they should be regulated?
I have to agree with bc.
If nanotechnology actually ever exists and is in fact dangerous, maybe then regulation should be considered, but not before.
What's wrong with creating sleepless soldiers?
Oh, so since you feel that people might use a technology that doesn't even exist yet to do things you disapprove of, the government should step in and start regulating?
That's sick.
So I see.
She's just as bad as fundamentalist Christians who want to outlaw homosexuality.
Trying to get the government to enforce their values.
Positive way, you're talking about values, values other people don't share.
You're asking the government to uphold your religion.
To some people, sleepless soldiers is positive.
Why is your opinion worth more than theirs?
Why does your opinion deserve to be turned into law?
Nobody knows what may lead to the continuation of the human race.
We're not seers.
Protecting the species is dangerous, I think.
The species should be challenged and encouraged to evolve in unexpected directions.
Protection can only lead to stagnation.
Homo sapien should die out.
Just like every species eventually dies out.
I think it's inevitable.
That the human race will go extinct.
Trying to prevent it is foolish.
Look, there's no way this genetic stock can accomplish all you want it to.
Species just don't last that long.
In your opinion.
The human race is nice, yes, but I'd rather see it evolve in a variety of directions, all of them nonhuman.
That's like asking the first bacteria what would become of its decendents.
There's no way it could've predicted!
The human race is nice, yes, but I'd rather see it evolve in a variety of directions, all of them nonhuman.
However, it would've been sheer arrogance to insist that it continue forever, just as it is.
What exactly is it about humans that you value?
Surely not their creativity, impulse, adaptability, and genius.
You want to remove all that.
Hardly.
You want the human race to go the way you wish in the way you wish it to.
You don't want any surprises.
Well, no.
Killing 100%, surely.
It can't have escaped your attention that we're all going to die.
And your mark would be a shackle on our species!
You want it to become government regulations.
I believe there is such a thing as democracy, if that's what you're asking.
I'm not against it, though.
I'm an imperialist, I suppose.
I want to rule, and unlike ra, I have no compunctions about admitting it.
Yeah, you don't want to rule, you just want your whims enforced by the government.
Forgive me if I don't see the distinction.
What was the last policy I proposed?
Give me an example.
I can't recall ever saying that.
Regulation of automobiles?
Like a law forbidding automobiles to do this or that?
Strikes me as silly.
I think I'd condemn innumerable people to death for money even if there wasn't all that much paperwork.
There are plenty of people about, after all, and more being made all the time.
As I understand it, bc is opposed to legislative acts, but for tort law grounded in common law.
Did I get that right, bc?
So you'll allow criminal law?
I wasn't sure.
Some people are opposed to all criminal law.
Anyway, a readymade nuclear weapon wouldn't need to be manufactured.
You're incoherent!
bc, yes, it would take a lot of energy.
ra, say you wanted to make a steak, out of atoms.
Well, you would have to invest just as much energy as you could get back by turning the steak to atoms.
Didn't you go to school?
Vlad is @cloaked.
client2.
attbi.
com also.
I have my eye on you.
Damn it, was yesterday, \
Perhaps he's from the future?
If anyone ever invents a time machine, after all.
I think the smartest thing to do if one invented the first, bulky, crude time machine would be to go to the future and see what improvements had been made on your invention.
After that, take information about the refined time machine and go back in time and give the plans to yourself to save yourself the trouble of doing all that research.
It's a foolproof plan.
Geek jokes are verboten here, Vladinator.
bc, may I borrow your army?
Does it matter?
I want to conquer the Vatican and crown myself Pope.
Whyever not?
I'm not a Catholic.
Yes, but you will have lent me your army when I was not Catholic, so you're in the clear.
Thanks!
Yeah, sure, when's that?
OK, I don't expect to have things wrapped up by August.
I mean I do.
I started out saying, I don't expect things to go past August, then rephrased part of the sentence.
I just shouldn't edit.
Damn the backspace key!
And those silly guys with halberds.
Man, I'm going to love being Pope.
I'll sieze control of the EU, bc, and raise a might army, with which I will crush the Chinese.
Eat the whole damn thing, piggy.
You can only eat a half pound of ice cream cake?
I don't, being too poor to afford ice cream cake.
Welcome back, bastard.
You've given up on impregnating a girl?
OK, good.
I hate it when people lose their vision.
I'm sure someone did.
I hate school, and I refuse to remember what happened there.
I'd give anything for ice cream.
You swear too much.
I'm popping out to the store.
If there's an emergency, I can be reached via the expected means!
Hey, folks.
I'm back.
Someone report.
Forget the data!
Massage the.
er, I can't say, what with cyn here.
Second hand smoke sometimes sexually arouses me.
If I did, second hand smoke would sometimes do it.
That's what I was getting at.
Don't patronize me!
It's like a carnival ride!
Yes, it's a banmask that causes a conflict, as you saw.
I'd rather get in a cycle of 4love.
Must be.
It's been warm and wet here.
The weather.
Entertain me.
I can.
But I can't say what those ways are, since cyn is in channel.
holy christ
i want to be naked
i wish my boy would come back
holy fuck
don't clarify ?
um, ok
What happened to cashmere?
Admit it, it lost its appeal when you decided I wanted it too.
cyndrekit, would you wear pvc if bc asked you to?
No, bc, I wouldn't.
Would my boy wear PVC if you asked him to?
I doubt it.
That's what I said.
I doubt it.
Hard to say.
I actually don't have a boy 
cnn is the pope and some guy
Oh, I don't think I get that channel.
But, how can it not be a basic package channel?
Who would pay extra for it?
I didn't lie, bc.
I was overcome, and for a moment thought that I had a boy and wanted to be naked.
However, I was wrong.
luisa 
No, you should get some food and stop to chat a while.
Calling him the boy, makes you sound like a British heiress in India and him a local boy hired to tend the stables.
Let's call him Phred.
That sounds terribly sluttish, cyn.
I think I prefer Phred to John.
Nah, affectionate.
Phred is a stupid kitten, according to luisa.
But she means it fondly.
That's what I was wondering too, bc.
Maybe you could respect John, and not think of him as a stupid kitten.
Well, what I was getting at is maybe she should dump Phred for John if she could actually respect John.
She clearly thinks little of Phred, her current love interest.
Yes, John.
I don't know why luisa would call you John, though, and not Juan.
cyn, since when have you been mad with lust for as many fellows as you could get your hands on?
Haha, of course you haven't.
I don't trust the government.
It's kiad's machine.
I think it justifies itself.
She's an irritating attention whore, and incompatible with the #adequacy ideal.
Just some chap.
You asked what I was.
If she's an irritating attention whore, then I'm just some chap.
Really, though, if you're trying to imply that I irritate you, I'm sure I care just about as much as you care that you irritate me.
Seem fair?
I was operating with divine mandate, actually, or as close as one gets in this atheistic hellhole.
Howdy, Janus.
Oops, I'm ban evading.
Hello, folks.
I'm a regular, dontcha know?
And that was the genius, not minding.
cept when they did, but shuffle that under the carpet.
Superior beings all.
You're ace.
Oh please.
Like #aq could substitute for #k5!
More directly, though, yes.
I was a victim of kitten's ascendancy.
Exciting!
As much as such things are.
Understand it phenomenologically, if that helps you.
The rest of us will take it rather mundanely, as kitten wuz opped.
At some point he can't have been.
Nobody is born into it.
You don't seriously still believe in intelligence, I hope.
With your dazzling wit, em, it couldn't fail to be.
Oh, pomo, I like.
Well, it is pomo and circular, because the majority would consider it both.
Thanks for the input, though.
It's irrelevent, RobotSlave, since we're democratic, and the majority really would side with what you first said.
I don't think it's reasonable to criticise someone for reading a book someone else has read.
Really, we can't all by indy.
Heaven forbid we all work from a common body of literature!
I'll second both of those.
It was an answer to damn everything, RobotSlave.
Don't be overly modest.
We're comfortably drunk, alexa, and it reads as pure provocation.
From a linguist's perspective?
Please explain.
Use words that aren't in my crapo college dictionary.
From what was Adam formed?
I forget.
Then the Lord God formed man of dust from the ground, says mine.
And I believe it.
I have to admit, I wasn't paying attention.
He was opped one day, then banned me, 'cos he hates my irrepressible good humor.
Oh, that.
Apparently he whined and begged until it was more palatable to op him than listen to his pitiable pleas any longer.
Currently, I'm struggling with the ethical dilemma engendered by his banning incompetence.
I'm not actually banned, as it turns out, but he thinks I am.
So, is joining the channel ban evasion?
Note, I didn't change any of my relevant attributes during the past few days.
That sounds evasive.
No, no.
Ban evasion is what the majority, if asked, would denote using the terms ban evasion.
I believe that.
So you enjoyed a fraction of a second of bliss.
I'd ban Stanford.
Really, now.
Stanford is full of runnersup.
The secondsmartest, as it were.
Bitter and overeducated and nobody needs that.
I agree, but he's not worth allowing the rest of Stanford in.
Is it possible he was banned for being an ass?
I hate to jump for the simple explanation.
I was excommunicated from the Roman Catholic church for calling the Pope a booger.
Wait a minute.
alexa is luisa?
But you two hate each other.
You've been waiting for me to come back, so you could resume gather information for whomever you gather information for.
Playing out this ridiculous skit, writing it all down.
Such patience.
Do you get a bonus if I say something outrageous?
I will if you do.
alexa, you're becoming a fat girl yourself.
Yeah, a bubble butt made of muscle.
Wobbly in it's musclitude.
Is that a word?
Musclitude is the property of being muscled.
The sort of clit that beat an unlucky passing cock to a bleeding pulp.
Beware.
A clitoris won't help with that, or with anything else.
As far as I can tell, they're useless.
Pleasure women, sure, if I wanted to do that, but who does?
I'd hate to be responsible for a female orgasm.
Frankly, RobotSlave, I'd prefer women to be subject to pentup frustration.
I'd prefer to not think of women as orgasmcapable.
They're simply orgasm deliverers, from my perspective.
I'll fake an orgasm all over your face, bitch, given half a chance.
What a waste.
Every mouthful of yogurt eaten is one that didn't slather a potentiallyfestering cunt.
Hyphens were granted us, by God, for the express purpose of being overused.
I think I might have meant overused.
Unsure.
alexa, write about hyphens.
Hang dem sheets.
alexa, was your hymen smashing very bloody or just kind of bloody?
Always skeptical.
Of course not now, or your story could be confirmed.
We hate your massforwards.
That's largely why.
Slipped away in the night.
Does he want one of us to offer him a place to stay?
RobotSlave, if you can handle a bit more contradiction, don't ever stop being so anal, but for fuck's sake, cut it out already.
And you've broken many a hymen, so you've a good idea how much blood is normally produced.
Deflowering virgins again and again, and keeping notes.
It's strange how many nonrepresentative samples you've had the misfortune to gather information from.
Oh well, just unlucky, I guess.
She just knows a bunch of people who are nonstandard in every respect.
Once again, this could all be cleanly resolved if alexa would just admit to having never had a hymen at all.
Would you harbor bitterness, RobotSlave?
I wouldn't.
He sure schooled you.
Melatonin.
One of the many substances I ingest to alter my state.
hahaha weeee
i blew up a garbage can and a police man
Ever since the phallic element of that was explained to me, I'm sickened at every mention.
Like a finger.
I've had a reoccurring dream, dream element more, that you could probably use your booklearning to explain, but I'm not sure I want to know.
Then I'm lost.
Or redeemed.
Maybe the Jargon File would tell me which.
Anyway, I keep dreaming about a person putting their fingers in my mouth.
This has happened repeatedly in the last few weeks.
Always the same person, yes.
You assume it's a woman!
Damn you.
Just about every day.
Just as long as it doesn't mean I'm a homosexual.
Excellent.
Anus linking needn't be painful.
luisa and em talking is not entirely unlike how I imagine the first contact between alien species.
With labored words facilitated by technology, they exchange a few poorly understood fragments, then give up and go their seperate ways, each thinking the other is decidedly not right.
And you may, on one condition.
You have to wait until I'm done with them.
I'm serve as the disinterested party.
Being disinterested requires not thinking?
There's a perspective.
Anyway, em is being a cunt and making this complicated, so I'm changing the terms.
You can eat my brains after you sexually pleasure me.
Just murderous.
I don't think that's true, or relevant.
She could eat my brains when I was done with them, not when i could bear to lose them.
Perhaps I just don't accord myself any privilege and realize that my brains are no more important than any other person's.
Obviously my life will be, well, ruined should luisa eat my brains, but if she needs to eat brains, is there a compelling reason why those brains shouldn't be mine?
I tend to think not, so I'm disiniterested.
Ah, but I don't need to have an opinion about my disinterest in order to be disiniterested, so the fact that I happen to be employing my brain is unimportant.
On the matter of my disinterest, but not necessarily on the matter of my brains being eaten.
It's only the latter that I need to avoid forming a preference regarding.
Is it hot in here or is it just me?
Or disgustingly brazen.
Shut your foul mouth.
The hell's ADHD?
It seems finishing the quiz should count as a negative diagnosis.
My browser stalled on the ADD test.
I'm not sure how to interpret that.
Take an Asperger Syndrome test, zikzak.
You banned all of AOL!
I wasn't necessarily objecting, zikzak, just pointing out your bold decisionmaking.
If you only did things you could undo, you wouldn't do much.
Seeing you reminded me what I would do if I ever had milk and gin at the same time.
And I do.
But now that it's come to this, I'm a bit scared.
I don't much like vomiting, no.
What proportions?
I can't just drink one ounce of gin at a time.
Also, I've not a blender.
No good at math.
Lay it out for me, hunbuns.
They're asking if you're black.
Obliquely.
You'd lose, luisa.
I want to take a schizoid test.
Enough bitterness.
I got a 9.
Oh well.
Were you even close?
I'm a bit ashamed.
I wouldn't have thought it even went that low.
Is it my turn to talk?
luisa suffers from Cubicranial Syndrome.
See, you pick up on it 'cos you're not an Aspie.
Do you have a matching birthmark?
That would be the determinant.
Distinguishing between mental and physical illnesses is a bit quaint of you, em.
I'm anxious that I might have, say, SARS and not know it.
I'd hate to be killing people yet remain entirely unaware.
I'd spend half my time coughing on people and the other giggling.
cough What the hell are you doing?
Giving you SARS.
I'll beat the shit outta you, punk!
Oh, and get my AIDS all over you?
I don't really want to read about urination right now.
I have my gin  milk here.
If smell is any measure, it's not the worst thing ever.
You don't have any respect for me.
Oh, wow.
That's not anything I'll ever drink again.
Well, I wasted it when I mixed it.
I can at least drink it.
Then it contributes to a buzz.
Well, unkick him already.
Not everyone can share your tastes.
We can't all be zikzak, for shame.
I'm not sure I can finish this.
It keeps getting worse.
I like gin, but it's not something I want coating my palate and throat in a film of mucous, you know?
I hate threecheese ravioli with marinara, some italian bread, and frozen peas.
No, they don't.
Yet you eat your own vomit.
I've had Thai food that was uncomfortably spicy for me.
Well, generally Thai food isn't that spicy.
There's a place in the U district that hurts, though.
It's little and ugly.
And dark.
It's not.
It could be, though, for how it looks inside.
Perhaps you remembered it wrong?
It would be easy to take that as a slight, but please don't.
It's not that we didn't always feel #aq was better, mind.
I appreciate that, but I suppose it was inevitable.
They never much liked me.
We're gathering in #hi, it looks like, momocr259.
zuul, spell momocrome
I'M LOOKING FOR LUISA
Sorry.
luisa!
I need to talk to you.
Well, no.
I guess I don't.
I just need you and your hot little body.
Don't reply to my replies!
Bastard.
Really, though, you ought to include in your article an explanation of how someone could make a mistake that I, sitting comfortably here and with time to consider, can easily see a way around.
I wasn't sure if it was intentional or not, because the article is beautiful in its effectiveness.
If I can indulge in a bit of psychological speculation, I think many kuro5hin users are afraid of losing control, of admitting that the consequences of their actions are often heavily influenced by dumb luck, that they often don't do what they intend to or even think about what they're doing, and at best, all one can really do is muddle through, trying to avoid being too unlucky too often.
Is it any good?
mochabrews.
I'll take an ice water, thanks.
I like it with extra ice.
and extra water.
I call it extreme.
Sometimes I capitalize the 'x', like so eXtreme.
I disagree.
A strawberry beer sans fruit would make no sense at all.
You indeed do.
The safe money is on boozing.
I think that's the real significance of the Internet.
Used to be that drunken obnoxiousness carried the risk of an axe to the head, or what not.
Internet changed all that.
There's something profoundly and romantically antinoble about sitting all alone in a dimly lit room destroying oneself with drink.
Introduce the Internet, or any other contact, and it loses a lot.
I think the human race will have lost something if some day quiet, desperate selfdestruction is eliminated.
No point in arguing with him.
He's drunk.
Zima is liquid democracy.
Don't ask me to elaborate on the analogy, 'cos I think it's already clear.
I wanted to vote RobotSlave's story up.
I even tried.
I am powerless against my conditioning, though.
I did myself in, RobotSlave.
I decided it would be fun to vote every story down.
Little did I know I would soon find myself incapable of doing otherwise.
Even thinking about casting a positive vote makes me feel nervous and guilty.
Looking at the 1 options makes my eyes water and throat burn, and if I manage to select one, I become violently ill.
medham.
I was just flattering you.
I don't think there's a person who doesn't wish they were medham, even if they don't realize it.
Didn't rusty do that?
I would be a better person if I had the nerve and verve to con people out of thousands of dollars.
K5 can be a li'l scary.
It's been a while since I fished.
Your skull, for example.
I disagree.
Heya, sweetbuns.
Let's not fight.
Instead, let's both get dead drunk and have a teary conversation that we'll both be a bit ashamed of tomorrow.
Please.
You're never sober.
I suppose we'll not see eye to eye on that question.
Don't.
You see too many.
Well, if Phred said it, he's wrong.
Hopeless.
Heya, zikzak.
Spoken like a repressed geek.
I was commenting more on zikzak's remarks.
Is it a disease?
I disagree.
It's a lifestyle, no less valid than any other.
I accept NAMBLA.
I don't know what it is, though.
So educate me or pick a different example.
Oh well.
I'm not really inclined to.
I think each race is as valid as every other.
Can I choose?
That's assuming a lot.
I don't think I have a choice.
perdida is the owner.
Someone must've given the channel to perdida.
I wonder why.
Not that there isn't more than one possible reason.
You should probably be taking this down in your notebook and not telling us, slack.
No good influencing the subjects.
Raisin.
He left a letter off the end to trip you up.
This is the most hamfisted researcher who has ever wandered in here.
We're really pulling the third string, now.
The proper rules of capitalization can be summed up so Capitalize early and often.
I prefer to Capitalize the important Words.
If that makes me archaic, so be it.
No, not nouns.
I don't use nouns.
What you have to understand, slack, is that yarmulke can't stop twitching.
Realize that and everything becomes clear.
Your hatred is distasteful, yarmulke.
slack, yarmulke is jealous to nearinsanity of the Palestinian people's steady, steady hands.
Technically, every this is that, and so on.
If you want to be technical.
This isn't an antiPalestinian channel, though.
yarmulke, enough, really.
Zion National Park, to be specific.
I wanted to make sure that was clear to everyone.
You'd be surprised the way people miss the easy ones.
Or maybe you wouldn't, if you're cynical, like zikzak.
zikzak is so cynical, that when he sits around the house, he sits around the house!
See, that's a fat joke with the word fat replaced with cynical.
That sort of irony in humor is a bit cynical in itself.
A metajoke, really.
What the old hands don't realize is that yarmulke is insane and dead serious.
Interesting that the neophyte stumbles on the right conclusion, while cynicism blinds the rest.
There's cynicism again!
yarmulke is trying to pretend to be Jewish.
slack hasn't noticed yet.
yarmulke knows next to nothing about Judaism.
In fact, yarmulke would've had to look Judaism up to correctly spell it.
Even then, those cursed shaking hands would've foiled his typing efforts.
Curse the jitters!
God would, if asked.
And he said yes.
Allow me to enumerate the ways in which God has shown Himself in the mysteries and wonders of His creation; in the pale reflection of his love and grace present in all of our hearts; through His immaculate Word; through the birth, life, and death of His son; and in the aching emptiness inescapable without His touch.
What movie?
Natalie Portman wasn't in heat.
Getting tiresome.
Disliking an idea would be absurd.
slack has likely committed the common error of confusing an idea with that which it is of.
In Latin, sure.
But I'm speaking English.
Oh please.
Go away.
slack's patience for yarmulke's yammering is epic.
slack, yarmulke babbled at you, and you naively assumed he must be saying something, and thus hurt your dear head trying to understand.
Wouldn't think someone that big'd be able to rejoin that quickly.
I've always liked godzilla's scream.
slack is right.
A few glasses of water and a multivitamin before bed can prevent a hangover.
SaiyanRobot, brew your own iced tea from loose puer.
It's fantastic.
Better than fantastic.
He's underage, zikzak.
Unfair question.
Puer is a sort of tea, SaiyanRobot.
Loose refers to the packaging.
But if you can get a drink with an umbrela and plastic sword.
SaiyanRobot, please, do me a favor?
Tell me it's all an act.
You're not as mad as you let on.
I try to reassure myself, but I can't.
I think it's fear of normalcy that drives you to affirm your allegedly exceptional character.
Right.
You obviously coopted your identity from RobotSlave, at least partly.
Perhaps wholly.
You claim to be a robot, and you desire subservience.
Doesn't it bother you that someone else conceived of your identity before you did?
Uh, no.
RobotSlave, slack.
Nix that.
SaiyanRobot.
What are your accomplishments in the arena?
Your emasculation I do not question.
Emulation certainly.
I think you want to be RobotSlave.
Interestingly, zikzak, RobotSlave himself labors in the shadow of another.
I finally understand, SaiyanRobot.
By power level you mean wit and trenchant insight, and by world you mean RobotSlave.
Your desire is to kill your father.
Fundamentally, you're Oedipal.
RobotSlave's identity gave birth to yours, and for that, you resent him.
No, you are selfcrafted in RobotSlave's image.
Sophocles, zikzak.
There are no coincidences, SaiyanRobot.
Just cause and effect.
Sophocles was a playwright, zikzak.
What do you believe in?
SaiyanRobot, materialism doesn't exclude the possibility of your emulation of RobotSlave.
Yes, zikzak.
Homer was a poet and mythteller.
He fled.
I wish you could sleep broken and exhausted in my arms, alexa, after I fuck you mostly to death.
Oh man, I got shot down again!
Brave man, in his parting shots.
Unfortunately.
RobotSlave, you missed my grilling of your imitator.
Hate all of us.
SaiyanRobot
Something along those lines.
It's not a question of naming.
He wants to be you.
I confess, I don't understand him.
He wishes to be robotic and subservient, though!
Although you seem to wish neither, except by name.
All my sexual fantasies about alexa involve pounding her in the ass.
You might think that's gross, even perverse and deviant, but it's actually a hedge against unanticipated genderrelated contingencies.
You can take the Troudreaux out of the youth.
I'm reasonable.
Just ask nicely.
Hi, alexa.
Hi, alexa.
I'm a li'l upset with you.
You never call anymore.
But you're in a later timezone, so inescapably, you've not called more.
Night!
Hi, agentwhy_.
zikzak is too humble.
He doesn't have the flair for selfpromotion that makes me so lovable.
Ah, but everyone knows it's me!
Glorious me!
I dunno.
You lived in your parents basement instead of paying rent like some schmuck.
Yeah, but were you really living when not toking up?
In what way is Alex similar to you?
So, you like girls who like him.
Alex didn't let any girl control him.
Alex wasn't a pussy like you.
You perform a valuable service, SaiyanRobot.
I think the most common response to meeting you must be, well, I guess I'm not so bad, really.
On the other hand, you frighten women.
You probably took that as a compliment.
She thinks you're creepy.
Women don't find that attitude appealing.
No kidding.
You should move on.
She's not good enough for you.
But her art is crap!
Warhol didn't have a computer.
Need a code?
You need a code if you want to get a livejournal without paying for it.
Unless you have a code.
Each user is allowed to generate a certain number of codes a month.
A code can be used to create one livejournal without paying.
Think Scientologyinvestment banking.
I'm on the story How to Make Dual Booting a Bigger Pain.
Minimal.
I think they're tired of it all.
Tell me he's not a pussy, though.
Go on.
I pride myself in being able to say anything.
First impressions matter, SaiyanRobot.
She's lost to you.
Can't you just be yourself?
No, you tried being a stupid saiyan robot.
She blocked you!
What did you do?
I think a bit of zikzak would do you good.
Try being brutal, cynical, selfeffacing, and permanently ironic.
What are you asking?
Also, I'm talking to your Jewess.
She seems OK.
Of course she won't answer you.
What in hell are you talking about?
There aren't any ops around.
You're not going to become Alex Gatsby.
Saves the universe from what?
There is no robot menace!
And I'm sure not going to mention you.
Yeah, she asked.
vegetablechild Howd you find my screen name anyway?
apoidaephage Found it.
vegetablechild okay
By fused I assume you mean had sex with.
Does Seattle not have laws against jaywalking?
I was cutting across Seattle Center on my way home yesterday, and it was filled with a milling throng of black people.
Anyway, all the streets and intersections surrounding the center were filled with policeman, who as near I can tell, were just hanging out and watching people jaywalk.
pf, I signed you up to every mailing list I could find!
I'm hassling pf.
Go ahead and have a seat.
Chest puffed and seated?
That would hurt.
luisadoll.
I need to renew my lease.
Or I will be homeless, and you'll have to put me up since it's your fault.
You're drunk.
Coincidentally, alexa is a bunny.
Hi, bunny.
It's never going to cool down.
I want to die.
That's a good idea, zikzak, but bitching cools me off.
I'm an exothermic whiner.
Well, it's not hot right now, no.
However!
It was hot earlier, and you weren't around to be bitched at.
It's there.
That's not true.
It's supposed to be 84 tomorrow.
Neither my workplace nor my domicile are airconditioned.
And that shouldn't be a problem, 'cos it's not supposed to get above 75 here.
I think there's a law.
It's so hot that apparently some fat guy has been wandering naked around Westlake center.
It's probably a good way to assure oneself some personal space as well.
At least if one's as fat and hairy as that fellow.
There's that.
I don't swim, but I think some people do.
I wonder if I still can swim.
There's no water left.
It all dried up in the infernal heat.
Ooh, just off the wire CAIRO, Egypt  An archaeological dig at the base of Mount Sinai has yielded the most shocking discovery of the new millennium  three previously unknown commandments bringing the total number of God's hallowed statutes to 13!
Ah, your perfect was ruined, alexa.
I have 924 here.
alexa, maybe a knife would substitute for a weak will?
Will we have flying cars in six minutes?
Shame.
If the sun unexpectedly goes nova, you can tell us, giving us enough time to.
well, yeah.
I see.
Remove your eyes and tongue.
Why do you wish to avoid your beau, anyway?
For a week.
Oh, that's worthwhile.
Laze about drunkenly with your paramour in a filthy home while you can.
Anything more is a waste of effort.
Maybe you ought.
You'll get used to it.
Ambition is the seed of failure.
Wile away the days and years in a numbed stupor, waiting for the end.
RobotSlave will tell you when there's six minutes left and you can say a quick prayer to assure your eternal soul's safety.
I'd rather never really be awake but never quite asleep.
Deserves!
When did that start mattering.
I voted it down, of course, but my voting has never been about deserts.
alexa, post that poem.
Yeah, you know which one.
Sure you do.
Write about a drug deal that goes well.
You ought to be able generate enough suspense off the illegal nature of the transaction.
Another?
She'll eat your eyes should you die at home.
Oh, it's not hunger.
They like the taste.
Ever notice how cats will sniff around one's face when one is asleep?
They're checking for breath, and if they find none, it's eyeballgobbling time.
Oh, they're funloving, for sure.
For a kitty, though, nothing is more fun than sucking the vitreous humour out of a warm corpse's eyes.
Thanks!
I'll say.
I'm sure glad I have air conditioning!
I was hoping you'd give me an icy blast of envy.
I'd grin and bear it, but my teeth'd melt.
I am beerless.
Nor does mine.
One's mom shouldn't drink beer.
That's a daddy drink.
Sure pops!
Can I have a drink?
Aww, shucks, pop.
She'd go bonkers!
No, kids just like being on roofs.
Later, they learn to like getting drunk as well.
I fondly remember spending summer evenings on the roof, pelting the neighbor kids with water balloons.
When not on a roof, passing out can entail injuring oneself on furniture or the floor.
If you slip unconscious when on a roof, though, you just roll gently onto the soft grass or sidewalk below.
The fall will break your skeletal system, you perhaps meant?
The automotive crumple zones are intended to prevent skeletal crumpling, surely.
That implies, to me, that the latter is undesirable.
And here I was taking pains to keep my skeleton pristine and uncrumpled.
I feel quite the fool.
I can't access K5.
I actually can't access most of the Internet today.
Here's a good opening sentence The cyberverse streamed through his mind via a neural adapter, a tightly fitting mesh of wires and shit that clung to his shaved scalp.
Tack like an RFN tenuously gripping the back of a vect on the end and you've a winner.
Tell us what an RFN and vect are later, if you feel like it.
Was that in response to your piece?
I appreciate the pun, but salad is hacker food.
I conceived the sentence as having a n't following the is, but my execution was incompetent.
Hi, Vladinator.
How's it going?
What's up?
I'm sure rusty will credit your account if you ask him to look at the access logs.
Why would someone do that?
Just to be a bother?
Pretty much, yeah.
Is there an epidemic of adimpressionstealers?
What'd you do to earn hatred?
So it's been an inexplicable vendetta on the part of Craig for five years?
That's a bit creepy.
Internetonly, I hope.
Did he say anything threatening?
Anything that the police might be able to use?
Crafty fellow, then.
Have you tried talking to him, or is he beyond that?
Have you compared notes with his other victims?
Maybe you'd be able to come up with something.
You wouldn't really, I hope.
What did he do to rusty?
I can't get to the URL.
My ISP has been dodgy all day.
What's there?
You have a wife, at least, though.
The courts might not smile upon you if you shot someone who had never threatened you.
Would she want you away for a few years?
It's risky.
Unless he comes at you with a weapon, it's damn risky.
And you have a family.
I don't think plotting a homocide is the healthiest way to go about this.
If you say so.
It sounded to me like you were planning to shoot the fucker on sight.
That's premeditation, there.
Think he'd really do that?
It would be pretty dumb, after how clever you've made him sound so far.
I'm sorry.
I'm as responsible for this conversation as he.
You didn't let me get to the part where I implicated myself for being one of Craig's lackeys.
No problem; it's not your fault.
No one wants a Cecil B.
DeMillescale troll, anyway.
Whose, at what did they do?
Who did?
I have no idea.
You should instruct that he depart.
Tell him Troudreaux says he's a brat.
Lemme know if you need help with the pronunciation.
That was a Tuesday.
An analogy for Western life, really.
We're all under the mustard anymore.
I wanted to go for the bunwise joke, but RobotSlave always kicks me when I wander in that direction.
I'm a good Pavlovian.
Well, welcome aboard.
I was thinking about going for the obvious pun with aboard, but even contemplating it sucked the energy right out of me.
Try here kitty kitty kitty in a falsetto.
They dig that.
Here kitty kitty kitty!
The phrase makes me come scurrying on padded paws.
Watch Gigli.
I hear it's good.
You fucking can, cunt.
Oh, OK.
Pardon?
You're being racist.
Miss Lopez may be whoever she wishes to be.
Yes, they're called whonkeys, or somethin'.
Pickin' fruit.
And drawing wacky pictures on adobe.
That's what proper hispanic people do.
You'd be a race traitor if you spoke anything except English, zikzak.
Well, we American don't have a language.
So we use English.
We'll use the one drop rule.
I'm already taking an esperanto class at the local community college.
No, because esperanto is such an easy language to learn, there's no need for a translation service.
See, here's how it works.
If the word starts with a consonant, move the consonant to the end and add ay,  Like so  Dandy becomes andyday.
If the word begins with a vowel, just add hay to the end.
Easy as pie.
Atthay ishay ethay ickettay!
Overeducated ones, only.
DIAONDRANGE anagrams to DIE AND ORANG, which seems incomplete.
Tantalizingly Freudian.
Unkind.
Insulting.
zikzak, don't be such a wet blanket.
luisadoll.
Neuropol, we hardly knew thee.
alexa, hello.
Your eagerness to point that out is a little suspicious, zikzak.
The exception is Jewish sausage, which is made out of Christian babies and is absolutely fantastic.
SaiyanRobot, please shut up until you're too bitter at the opposite sex to publicly express lust.
And when you look away, she doesn't even have a nose!
I'm not good with ages.
Or math, for that matter.
She's not hot and never was.
She'll be hot for about ten minutes, later on, and that's it.
And Goldie Hawn is in them!
Imagine.
Tenuous as it is.
I have to wonder, zikzak.
First the overreaction to the shape of sausages and now this.
I want a sausage, grilled up with onions, and put on a toasted bun with mustard and sauerkraut.
Someone fetch that.
You are worthless.
Get out of my house!
Then substitute horseradish for mustard.
I like the former even more.
I wonder if anyone makes sausages from bacon.
That sounds tasty.
Similar to alexa.
I found a sandwich.
I've only seen cockroaches in zoos.
I feel that I just confessed to something by saying that, but I'm not sure what.
How long did he live nailed to the wall?
Peppers.
I would prefer to be called pumpkin, actually.
alexa!
alexa!
Gee, thanks.
Way to wreck a seven month long sting operation, attackist.
Yeah, but the people I was going to sting are dumb.
Hiya, zikzak.
Hi, zikzak.
He's not at all cool.
Who are you?
Oh, hilarious, for sure.
Unfortunately, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Who the hell looks at the topic.
What a stupid cunt he must be.
It's 11pm.
So no.
zikzak worships bc, is all.
bc is zikzak's British hero.
No, I don't mean that.
I'm sorry.
You're right; that was inappropriate.
An author's intent is irrelevant when interpreting a piece of text.
As a Buddhist, I try to live in harmony with all, actually.
We're all imperfect.
Over what?
He probably just likes to fuss, really.
You're a nerd.
That's all.
Maybe we're all nerds.
Your fretting about power level pegged you as one, though.
Hi, nerd.
Don't get all worked up over it, nerd.
Anyway, talk about your latest plans for reinventing yourself.
Haven't you yet?
Took a break!
Quit lying about your girth, you fat fucker.
Not a true Aryan at all!
I prefer Asian women, all in all.
Italian men are abusive drunks, and yes, women are stupid.
My family is originally from Spain, but I'm American.
I'm not slightly fat.
zuul, you're useless.
It was garbage.
It happens a lot on garbage stories, when only the trolls vote it up.
It's almost assuredly part of a test.
They'll get upset with you if you file a lot of bugs, elby.
Best just to keep a low profile.
The developers will.
Plus, filing bugs is surely more difficult than not filing bugs.
No, not at all.
Do you have Internet access from your workstation?
Then steal a few bug reports from similar open source projects, post them, and call it a day.
You can then spend the afternoon playing word scramble on Yahoo and still file more bugs than anyone else!
You'll be in management in no time.
Big plans for the morning?
Will you have a variety of adventures, both humorous and poignant?
Oh, you're right.
Sequence Lead in, culminating in apparent disaster for the protaganist > Transit with melancholy soundtrack and reflection > Redemption!
Sweet, blessed, redemption.
We'll assume that the pretransit disaster is RobotSlave's life.
I haven't watched a great many coming of age films, but I think the transit is just to kill time.
Right!
Heterosexual romance will redeem you.
Girls always solve more problems than they create, you know.
Anyway, it's not sex that redeems, but love.
Of getting laid?
I thought you were supposed to be laid months ago.
I wonder.
Girls talk to many people that they never subsequently have sex with, you know.
I doubt it!
Do you really just want sexual conquest?
What about love?
Think so?
What comes first, then?
Hellos.
And lego.
Oh, never mind.
but you're hoping for a readership that is not trolls?
How will you assure that bots don't take over the site?
Will you turn off the democracy inducing features of scoop?
How will you compete with k5, since democracy currently seems to be the wave of the future?
I realize that, lb, but you are looking for readers.
Will all of its content be purely original?
Or will stories be posted at adequacy and elsewhere?
Can anyone submit an article for approval and posting?
It does look serious.
Will it have any sort of tech spin, or will it be pretty open, thematically?
I would strongly urge you to not become anything like GiZ.
Will you have diaries?
Wow, so they are, but rusty will visit the site too!
And Inoshiro will too, but I'll just get angry and flamy all the time
And CmdrTaco will post often also!
And the real anne marie
And the glorious meept will come back, too
adequacy is the second coming!
Well, this is crazy!
hi, punk
Still ill?
Well, you need to improve your lifestyle or you'll just keep getting sick
That's not what I'm talking about, lb.
I'm more concerned about diet.
specifically how my diet impacts your health.
That's not what I mean, lb.
It's just that it would be a shame if you came to harm because I didn't get any pizza.
You know?
bc has eaten his share of bukkake pizza, I hear.
You're cruel 
shush, you
Why not?
Carrie is harmless.
the exception?
why not?
That was an.
interesting choice of words.
adequacy and gz are sides of the same die
Well, of course not.
Adequacy is a scoop site, and doesn't have that style of moderation.
Not really.
I mean, both were started as masturbation aids.
GZ for vlad, Adequacy for you all.
and zikzak's off to the races
I didn't say masturbation wasn't a legitimate undertaking.
zikzak, if you'd quit typing /clear every few seconds, we wouldn't have to tell you
I think it's crap
Focus on making it not crap
Can you ejaculate into her mouth if you genuinely believe it will result in a baby?
Is there a mormon thingy around here?
You have a group of 100 people.
70 are mormons, 65 ejaculate in their wive's mouths, and 50 are GZ readers.
What is the fewest possible number of GZ reading mormon wifecummers in the group?
I don't care, zikzak.
I object.
I think it looks good the way it is.
I'm not being facetious.
I just have a unique perspective.
Strangly liberating
Maybe a little
I don't have it yet.
But I must go let my girl in.
Buh bye!
hi, 'gain
You want to outdo k5, so do one every year.
I once had an abortion.
For dinner, that is.
elby, how do you get 10 babies in a bucket?
I don't vote 
I can't figure it out 
would that make me a good person?
Why am I not a good person?
No, I fell in love with the wrong girl 
Haven't you?
Oh, I think you're jealous
You people are pitiful!
Umm, were you not loved back?
elby's philosophy is keep it going as long as possible.
32 seconds is the most he's managed as of yet.
elby, don't try to convince us that you ever get laid.
It won't work.
What are you waiting for zikzak?
mad propz to seventypercent
it's a gift, for all your hard work
It's a bottle of brandy!
You're welcome!
Yeah he was.
You're not confused, you're stupid.
That damn thing is bigger than you
seventypercent, I could use a bit from that bottle
Now listen UP you punk kid!
Mind yer fuckin' elders.
IF YOU CANT EVEN SPELL
liberalness is this season's conservativeness, anyway.
No, the road to hell is actually paved with paving stones.
Imagine that.
leave it to zikzak to bring up assfault's.
No wonder he's a virgin
elby likes big 12BUTTS
There's the b word again!
seventypercent = elby?
I need a new account name.
Something smart, hip and sexy
That's taken
I think pinosho very well might be Keanu
But who are they, zikzak?
Use commas, so we can tell what the fuck you're trying to say.
Dammit, you're pissing me off.
13BYEEEE
They let you spy on nekkid women
You seem like the type that'd be into that sort of thing
No he doesn't.
elby, let's go for pizza tomorrow.
Your treat.
I have dreams about going for pizza with Jin Wicked
No, I'm being a fucking nutcase, per my character description
Really, zikzak?
Will she fall for me?
zikzak, I'm not stupid.
I have an IQ of 238.
You can't fool me.
You didn't say my IQ was 238
Again, zikzak, I'm a genius.
I can't be tricked that easily.
And you, zikzak, couldn't fool your own mother on the foolingest day of your life!
See what I have to put up with, pinosho?
zikzak, my fine fellow, you simply lack the brains necessary to talk to one such as I.
I bet she bent over anyway, though
Was zikzak all covered with syphillitic goodness when he was born?
Is that what this all about?
To be a poor little infant, trapped with your waist in a diseased vagina!
The horror!
You're the one with the diseased whore for a mother!
Don't feel for me, syphilspawn!
I gave her a dollar to beat her with a pipe.
Then a took the dollar back.
You should've seen her, zikzak, on her knees.
begging to keep her last tooth.
Why not?
It wasn't my mother.
She was perfectly fuckable when I was done, and with her teeth missing, some would say it was an improvement!
If you were a real man, a crying injured woman would turn you on.
Sometimes, elby, I think you're half gay
Let's find out!
Was your mother killed in a car wreck last month?
Oh, that's terrible.
Was she driving?
I hope the two black eyes I had given her didn't interfere with her driving ability.
elby, it's been a month!
unless steps were taken, she's useless
I don't like dead chicks.
I like chicks who can claw at your feet weeping, begging for their lives.
Well, zikzak, we should be pals.
I like offing 'em, you like 'em once they're dead.
I know.
but I like killing 'em!
I am not.
You pervert.
I doubt you can cream.
I had this girl once.
I cut off her leg, carved it up, and we had a nice meal of grilled steaks.
She was a little put off at first, but I think she liked it.
Yeah, but then the steaks are as good.
I haven't figured out a good solution
There's always curry, just for the fun of it.
It would make a good diary entry
aww, poor elby.
FUCK YOU ELBY
6get me some pizza
uh, pardon?
I ain't yo bitch, bitch
suck fuck?
I guess we know what's on elby's mind
elby is soo horny, but can't get any
not even if he pays
cuz nobody is going to fuck an ORANGE guy
no sir
You are a liar.
You are desperate for female companionship
I think your mother is the solution to both your problems!
pizza love fest?
I'm not going to fuck you for pizza.
No way.
Jin is in Texas
She's so beautiful
She's delightful.
We would be so happy together.
A psycho in need of a new nickname.
You're a trolling deity, help out.
qpt was perfect.
That's the problem.
But it was time to let go, right?
Tell me I did the right thing.
That was great!
There's a belly dancer on tv.
I wish she'd get naked, but she won't.
She's on tv.
Ask the tv?
I've never been the sort to ask for a striptease.
I've very conservative.
No, I am cultured.
I actually went to a boarding school in England.
There they taught me to be a gentleman
Well, there are to types of schools.
Gentlemanly schools and anal sex schools
Both, of course
Of course.
The primary purpose for being there was to receive a classical education and learn to be a gentleman
Not really.
You can get that pretty much anywhere.
I learned how to be a gentleman, fool.
I told my girl to do a striptease for me the other day.
She laughed and punched me.
Then she bit me.
True story.
My cock wasn't in her throat.
Did I mention how she bit me?
qp> Then she bit me.
What about cupie doll?
There's no point in trying to hide, anyway
I'll be spotted in a heartbeat as soon as I post anything
I have a LAN connection.
It doesn't just stop working.
But it's plugged in way over there \
First of all, what is your thought, anyway?
wasn't paying as much attention as I might've
That sounds good.
Are you in there?
buh bye
That was difficult, but I managed it
You're way too patronizing for being YOUNGER THAN ME
What is your day of birth?
I was born on June 2, 1980
No mistake, you're younger.
Uh, how do you reckon that?
They all suck.
I want Jin Wicked to suck
STOP THAT
I hate you
I am displeased.
Every time I mention Jin, you run off to the bathroom
I'm sure
Well, in my humble opinion, we should all ask you to stop writing articles for adequacy.
They're awful, bc!
I actually don't think I've read an adequacy article by you
But goths like everything!
Isn't Sisters of Mercy a Catholic hospital?
Catholic hospitals have cute slutty Catholic nurses.
Who wouldn't like 'em?
hush, bc
What do you think about the way bc is always waving his dick around, begging for attention?
I asked him once.
I said, bc, what the hell are you doing?
He replied, I'm waving my dick around begging for attention.
I looked at him, and started, But I don't see.
never mind.
adequacy is a den of spammers!
Way to sink even lower than GZ  ;
now how many?
I need a euphamism for put to death
err, won't people be offended if I say that a person should be put to sleep?
Wonderful!
I'm torn
I have a story
That I could send to one of several sites
k5 can promise me hundreds of viewers
You're a bunch of nuts.
You sound like an infomercial
When it comes down to it, I just don't trust bc.
For once, I agree with you.
oh hush
You'd never give me pizza 
Once in a while
I've seen that
Why is that devastating?
Linking to Jin is not lame.
Hey, it's purely platonic.
Although, I wish the nudes were of her, and not Bea
You're just jealous, because you wish that you were a gorgeous, witty, talented female.
you can't wait?
Why not just post it?
What do you know about timing
You 4jerk off1 at 7work1 while thinking about 13Jin Wicked1.
allo, Sylvain.
The web is the internet, though
They're hungry!
They need ice cream.
I am right now!
no, not that either
I work out like mad!
I'm not USian
No, I'm actually not.
I've lived in the US most of my life, but my citizenship is Canadian
What for?
How does that make sense!
You're going to hell, elby
I was born in Moose Jaw, if it really matters.
Why not?
From there, that is
How many unique IPs today?
Won't be 100% accurate, with proxies and dialups, but still
CPT is cost per million
geocities will host your web site for free
You have to start by multiplying everything by i.
The internet runs on imaginary money.
he's a spy
ELBY=PREVERT
I hate you
I HATE YOU
I hate elby
What on earth do we have in common?
I loved Jin before it was trendy, now back off all you poseurs!
Write an article about what a poseur you are, elby.
Well, why don't you just go into the bathroom and entertain yourself, poseur?
I'm not bending over for you, fag.
I'll post a link to adequacy on k5.
It'll say If enough people follow this link, qp will shut up and die!
Then you'll see.
No it's not.
It's silly.
elby, a lot of the fun of k5 is watching the unblievable crap that will still garner a good number of FP votes.
adequacy just doesn't have much feedback.
No voting, and not many comments.
oh, yay
No adequacy story gets anywhere near 150 comments
Well, that I can see.
bc, I don't look at adequacy much and had not seen that story
I don't know, flikx does have a good point.
Which is why he had to be deleted.
Can't have any good points on adequacy!
Yeah, look around for any other good points that might've slipped through and delete them too!
The web site, bc, not the channel
I'm almost done with my story.
If it is him, will you kill him?
I'm not sure I believe you.
You're drunk on adequacy
Sorry, I had to vote No Natalia Portman
Natalie
We make it our business to know.
Also, I know who mf spork is, and what his real account is.
And it's not opalhawk or spaceghoti
But he has at least one that you would recognize the name of immediately
I'm just making stuff up, now
imagination the best substitute for research
It's all done!
elby, it's been a few hours
shouldn't you be heading to the meeting room?
yup, it's fuX0red
Does it matter?
Heterosexuals only do straight lookups
It's a sandwich
It's roast beef on rye, then the whole thing is steamed until soggy
It's not so bad
You have to eat it with a fork, though
Oh, it's kind of a pun, iat.
The woman's roast beef is steamed until soggy
Or something
I know!
I just said there was
We're in agreement
You're a turd sandwich
It is where the guy shits, and it vaginally penetrates the woman
elby, like I said, imagination.
That's really funny
elby, you here?
elby, the urls that are being sent out to people who ask for a password reset don't work
No, they're port 1234
the latter
That thing is wrong
bc, it's submitted
I was afraid you'd want that
It's getting cliche.
just now
minutes ago
Well, you are the editors.
I would just prefer that the serious nature of the piece not be detracted from.
I don't really have any preference.
Whatever works with the schedule is fine for me
Monday it is, then
How many?
You're quite vague
They should be numbered!
I now have a cool adequacy password
GX9HB2 or somesuch
I now have to come up with some brand new culture/oped shite for k5 before my girl gets here
It's friday
I always post to k5 on friday
Adequacy needs less whining about moderation and more hot teenage pussy
Is she hot?
Teenage?
goth chicks are not hot, by definition
I'm not going to get into this with you
She is not
Jin Wicked is more fuckable than a barrel of monkeys.
Shit, that didn't come out right.
Is not!
She doesn't like satan
shut up!
Really?
UE was a transhumanist, no?
I skimmed the faq, and it really sounds like I'm mocking them
Then all the models will go so mad, that they hunt bc down and suck him off.
Right, bc?
trolls are not allowed
Somebody is going to hell for mollirama
it's sad.
10 year old girls trying to jut nonexistent hips and breasts
What for?
uh bc.
pot, kettle, black
I've accepted it, so you should do.
I've accepted that you guys are going to act like children, so you may as well accept that I'm going to call you on it
You provoked it
You should try to resolve the problem you caused in a peacable mature manner.
Well, once you grow up, you should.
Like I said, I've accepted that you're children
He's the most brilliant crapflooder ever
So he deserves to be killed out of respect?
I can go along with that.
no, s3xX0ring skillz
bc does have a very distinctive style.
Unfortunately, it appears to be close to mine, so we get lumped together 
That's a troll, bc.
Delete it.
Well, bc, don't be so harsh.
Yes, it's all very obvious when you know it's not serious, but what if you didn't know?
I'm having second thoughts.
I think writing articles that don't reflect one's views is wrong
What about them?
I don't know.
I want to do the right thing, and I don't think that it's sowing deception and confusion.
I think you need to buy me some pizza.
I would like some honest and sincerity!
I would like to see some genuine opinions and argument!
Yes, that was a breath of fresh air!
I'm going to start a campaign to bring honesty to adequacy.
No, they're whiners.
I have conviction.
They don't want honest, they want to be in on the lies.
I really must ask for the article back, bc.
I don't think that nuclear war would be a positive experience for the human race
No, it wouldn't
I am overcome with guilt
eh, maybe
You will not convince me
I will post a full confession to k5, and beg for forgiveness
Forgive me.
I have trolled
Of course, it would be the height of arrogance to post such a personal account to the queue
Maybe I'll write a full story
Would there being objection to KTB being negatively implicated in my fall into trolling?
I was beaten by my father until I was permanently paralyzed.
I find that story idea offensive.
Well, the rage and pain forced me to.
It's not my fault!
Sometimes my legs just burn.
but they don't.
I can't feel them, not really.
Oh god it hurts!
This is an awfuwawdah.
scuse me.
I fell out of my chair.
Hell, why don't you just get it over with and write the ultimate Adequacy story
Lies are True
Because I'm fucking paralyzed, you prick!
It's a bit hard to stay in a chair when one's legs don't work!
I can use my arms, prick
About the waist down
A little higher
Why do you ask such stupid questions?
Of course it can't bloody be much fun, fool.
I'm not a cripple.
I'm motively challanged.
Come now.
I thrive on controversy!
Anya is being slandered in #k5
who knows?
I require heavenly creatures
elby, take all the unfinished articles and post them together, run end to end
no flooding spork plz thx
I had an idea for a story
You know the G8 protestor that got offed?
I was thinking of writing a story saying that he deserved to die, because he failed to kill even a single capitalist oppressor
The movement doesn't need fuckups like that
What was it about?
I know all of this.
But what was the tact of the article?
umm, ok
Oh, phew.
I've had enough of being raped by people from the InterNet
Hi mr.
I got up late.
You fixed your computer crashes.
Good job.
Try blowing in it.
Blow, bitch.
You know you want to
Somebody really should get emad a lemonade.
He just sits there patiently 24 hours a day.
I imagine he's thirsty.
Any idea what he's waiting for?
allo bc, zikzak, elby
About what time?
What time was the dream talked about
oh, I see.
It means that you feel incapable of loving the sort of woman that you could settle down with.
You feel cynical about your own ability to craft a longterm relationship.
You should have more amusing dreams, perhaps?
Or next time ask, Do you do fake dream interpretations for the sake of entertainment?
Tell me that I didn't hit the nail on the head, though.
I dare you.
You're a liar, zikzak.
Either that, or in denial.
Misogyny is always caused by something else.
In your case, it would guess that it has a lot to do with your ludicrously small penis.
s/it/I
is elby here?
What's up?
Damn it, get back here.
go away
damn it, elby!
What did you think would happen?
You don't deserve this!
acb saved you
i'm eating lunch
You're such a geek, bc.
He must've just banned !
or something
Poor rev.
He's a tormented soul, you know.
No, I thought he was tormented by his homosexuality
leave the bluebear one
cos you're a geek
geeze, bc, you're a weenie
no kidding
you're too dumb to be trusted with things like passwords
I think it's probably his sourceforge account, where he works on all his open source applications.
it's now sourceforge2
used up
Is that some nerd number?
bc, you are a geek
I'll converge you to phi, little phucker
You're actually fairly ugly by a 'merican standards
For an adequacy editor, you certainly are ignorant.
Not to mention stupid and uncouth.
I am uncouth with style, you are merely a gutter rat.
Your senses are too dulled by liquor to detect panache if it beat you.
bc, in other words, you were old and tired the moment you were born.
You're a dusty relic of a time that has thankfully faded into history
I'm sure somebody wrote it down somewhere.
Coming from a dinosaur, that is less than convincing.
And your accomplishments are 20 generations of protocol and tradition?
So, greatness is accomplished by sitting around for a very long time?
Your nation was made in the world's image
Surely you know the history of GB, and all the different peoples and cultures that contributed to what would later become the British
All of your social structurs and traditions came to you from Rome, Scandanvia, and Germany
It is true
Britain was an island of savages until Rome civilized them
And then Scandanavians and Germans finished the job.
Why do you think English is so much like German?
It isn't because the Germans copied the English, you know.
Romulus is a myth
I'm the son of Zeus!
pb, British == German, for all practical purposes
Most of what made Britain great came from the Germans
bc, stop thinking in the short term
Look back hundreds of years, not tens
Remember when the island was crawling with painted freaks who couldn't even talk
Who dragged you out of that?
How did the Normans become civilized?
Which was the successor of the Roman empire, which was a transplanted Greek colony
You shouldn't have any pride, you should thank the Greeks
No, again you followed the German's lead.
They were the first to experiment with governments apart from Feudalism
But I have to go now.
you know what amazes me?
What what?
cp, make him stop
You're a bitch
Did I ever love you?
Because, it's tragic.
Vlad is a wonderful father, but he was a victim of a court system that gives automatic preference to women.
hmm, that might make a good story
I've never been in bed with you!
No, William Scott Lockwood III Innocent Victim of the Femanazi Courts.
why not?
I hadn't seen it
hi, slutty_dwarf
I made my second post to adequacy!
Not a story, just a post 
I was trolled 
buh bye
heya, elby
hullo, bc
thank you, perdida
fucken for go it?
No, it sounds really good.
Not in the slightest.
bc, being UKian, is untrustworthy
Nobody cares what vlad says about anything
Yeah, spam /.
I'll start right now
Oh, then I'll stop
Well, who do you want?
Fat people do not use the Internet.
Their fingers are too large for the keyboard.
You want an audience of broads?
Try msgeek
But, only /bots are going to get frothy about the stories.
Anyone with even the slightest actual education would instantly know that adequacy is not real
bc, you need a girlfriend
You know where females may be found on the internet?
Yes, and Yahoo chat rooms
Go spam yahoo chat rooms
Sylvain, many of them are not, but many of them are
No, it isn't.
You have a million marbles.
500k are white, 500k are black.
It is reasonable to say that you have many black and many white marbles.
I did not usch thing.
Sylvain, you are obvious a rank amateur of a logician.
Please stop pestering me.
Sylvain, stop this foolishness.
The word many referred to different sets of objects in each of the usages in the statement
That's absurd.
No, I do not.
You are so intoxicated by your ability to lexically parse a statement that you've entirely forgotten to look at the semantics
You're obviously not very good at what you do.
I'm sorry.
I hear that McDonalds is hiring.
Take that, you litigationhappy sob
Do explain
This should be interesting
Oh really?
The phrase tears of joy means nothing to you?
There is nothing conservative about your raping of the english language.
Why do you object to liberal myths?
But outright falsehoods are acceptable?
Most everything you've said for the past few minutes?
You, sir, are a troll.
Someone kick ban this troll.
bc, you seem troubled
I would protect elby, if he would only buy pizza for me
he has refused multiple times to go to pizze with me
Was the battle of hastings during the civil war?
hello, bc
That would be excellent
I am actually humble
I prefer to avoid the limelight
Well, I'm trying to become a better person
I will become a calm, restrained, sensitive individual
I will not trivialize matters with jest, but rather regard everything with the sobriety to which it is entitled.
I will inspire the formation of a cult, someday
Geekizoid has quite picked up and has turned into a thouroughly enjoyable web site.
And Kuro5hin has put aside selfcongratulatory posturing and has realized true sophistication
Yes, but sometimes it is an upward descent.
Everyone hates signal 11.
That's about all there is to it.
He was a great karma whore, though
I'm not sure.
Everyone just feels a mild animosity toward him.
I'm a wanker, and I have a good number of fans, as well as people who hate me
I was close to having a new internet obsession, but Inoshiro banned her.
At my request, but still.
My new internet obsession
oh, I think carolia was the nick
She was delightfully selfabsorbed
Just like Jin
And she's from houston
Just like Jin
I asked him to
I didn't think he would
Because I'm an asshole.
Yeah, that was mean of me
You go!
we really should be kept apart 
go for it
Oh, that is him?
That rocked
as has mine
casually dismiss him
Dasunt will get in a huge argument over anything
I'm hungry
Now signal 11 is trolling Dasunt
They guy can't get enough
I'm tired
I need my girl
I CANT COMMENT WHEN IM TIRED
and I certainly am not going to say that
You've got some guy named kjohn!
adequacy.
org, the Internet's premier site for controversial discussion.
Now with kjohn!
Hooray for trolling!
You have ascended to new heights of hypocricy
I mean.
I don't even know why you guys bother trying to lie to me.
It's really rather insulting
shoe stole posted as him?
You don't say ;
kick me, ima tr0ll
I told you to kick me, bitch
why are you sore?
now why are you sore?
I bet your drunken dancing was a sight to behold.
You The Fat Guy, elby?
That's too bad.
I am a svelt 60 lbs
I hate fatties.
I carry a knife, but it is useless against their massive mounds of fat 
It is often difficult to find a fatties throat.
They have many chins covering their throat.
I do way too much speed to get fat.
A fishing ranch?
Who was suick?
I'm always surprised by what people will pay for
There is never anyone cool at work.
It's one of the rules of work.
I avoid shoeboy and elby like the plague, because they are freaks.
There is this Indian place not far from here.
I like it.
They have a lunch buffet, where they just stick all this shit on tables and you take whatever.
It's very strange, because I honestly can't tell what most of it is.
or even what kind of thing most of it is.
I should be tired
night elby
how do you mean?
You haven't been around?
Then maybe I haven't been.
I've been on!
Must've just been in #k5
Well, it's not that.
It should be just one word, that sums everything up.
I haven't read the story, but it'll probably be shit or something like that.
wellmeaning comments?
I don't recall making any of those.
really!
Hello, elby
There was no warning?
Your provider is gone, right?
What, then?
I will host adequacy.
org at my work if you like!
We have several T1's and some alpha boxes that are doing nothing at all
Esther?
hello elby
To completely describe the universe, you need something as large as the universe.
And then you would need to describe the state of that.
You run into something a bit like the halting problem
No, you have not.
Heidi Wall is a scrawny blond gentile
shoeboy
Whatever for?
nobody is here, sorry
They never talk to me, anyway
Why not?
Don't you like crank?
You sound like my sister saying No, I don't like raw fish!
When offered sushi
Even though she has never had any
Literally?
Pretty good, actually.
I'd like your door, were I you.
I don't know how she reacts, but I've know people who get really really violent when they've been on crank
Maybe it'll work to your advantage.
Who can say?
That's a good point.
She may have forgotten about you already, too.
Did you check your wallet?
Or not 
as the case may be
Yeah, crank whores tend to be loaded with disease.
Oh, your story so far has convinced me of that!
Isn't there a drug store nearby?
Go door to door in your building!
Somebody has one.
Improvise.
Make a homemade condom out of saran wrap and duct tape
Well, if you boil your dick afterward you should be fine, really.
Yeah, that seems likely.
However, it isn't every day that IRC drops a horny drunk guy into your lap to make fun of, so I'm milking it for all it's worh
In that case, you should jack off.
So when she does come, you can't get it up!
Oh, that would be priceless
Anyway, why hasn't she done anything if she's wanted you for months?
Why's she in the area?
Well, just remember, there are plenty of other crack whores in the ocean.
to mix a metaphore
crank whore, I mean
Doing what?
Do you have other plans?
Oh come on.
Some people say that all sex is rape!
Life is too short to worry about such things.
You can worry about moral issues when you're burning in hell.
But what?
I think you're getting just a tad ahead of yourself.
She's not here, you've no rubbers at all, and you're worrying about there only being three?
You should go to the drug store.
You're sober enough to type!
But what if she doesn't?
You'll be so very very disappointed.
You'll probably fly into a rage and kill her.
Just go the speed limit and don't swerve around 
Well, damn.
I hope you've learned your lesson.
Always keep 30 rubbers in a safe location.
Do you have a pair of pants or shirt that you only wear when going out?
Maybe they're in that.
I don't know what to tell you.
That doesn't sound very fun
I thought you had a strong moral compass.
Shouldn't that come with some integrity?
Well, she's addicted to crank
She hasn't gotten the chance to get addicted to you yet.
I can't say I blame her
What if she shows up on your doorstep unable to stand and bleedy from nose, mouth and eyes?
bleeding
There should be a hotline
Help, I'm drunk and I can't find my rubbers!
You're obviously a horny lush
You're almost hypocritical to be an xtian!
enough
Thanks for the info
Now tell me how fat and greasy you are, so I can put the whole picture together
In that case, I'll come over and fuck you!
What would have to be reversed?
Well, of course.
I'm a cute little blonde, I'm sure you've seen my picture.
My name is Heidi Wall
Well, of course!
Now you're all set!
Go to bed and wake up tomorrow disappointed about how unfucked you are.
I know
It's pretty bad
Anyone home?
oh great, it's you
I wanted to talk to seventypercent
It's nothing personal
g'day, mates
Hello!
So it is!
bc, someone had the nerve to compare my description to that of a sociopath
Without doubt.
Why's that, bc?
Cuts into your crapflooding?
You dirty crapflooder you
I do not date crapflooders, you know
If you ever want to get your hands on my hot little girlbody, you have to stop crapflooding
I am not a hippy.
I am a cute girl.
You have never smelled my cute girlbody, silly zikzak
Jin is delightfully overthetop
I will always have a special place in my heart for Jin.
An open is one thing that zikzak lacks
He is so American
bc, I want to be UKian.
Do you think you could teach me?
Well, I don't want to learn a new language
And I'm tired of being universally reviled for being American
perdida, it's so nobody can get 1st
Isn't being reviled good?
I think not.
zikzak, I have claimed a good many things.
I have no special affinity for the truth
I do know this, bc
Of course.
Do I point out how lucky you are that I come by to talk to you?
That would be rude of me.
bc, doing so is difficult in my current environment
Doesn't that speak badly of British stock?
That they would be so easily deluded?
We would outsmart them, doubtless
How about this
Dozens of super intelligences covnerge on the earth, but they all happen to be singularly unlucky, and thus handily perish in a surprising serious of coincidences
AT EASE, CAPTAIN EM.
break out the vodka, hey?
rum is not a communist drink
Fidel is just a wienie baby communist.
Communism should say tee hee, you disgrace.
I mean should not
I keep leaving out those small but very important words
It makes communism sound like a school girl
Communism is about to get her cherry popped by the mighty manmeat of capitalism.
Spear the little school girl!
8goodbye yellow brick road!
I do not.
I am not a purveor of filth.
I'm cleaning my apartment, sort of
elby, wake up
A sign of corruption When bombings of other countries occur without peoples opinion / approval
Does that mean the approval of the people being bombed?
Hello, bc.
Who would ever say yes?
To being bombed?
uh huh
The US doesn't have a military, silly
Actually, none of the US army was in Vietnam.
It was all hippies that the government rounded up and sent over there.
It was part of the war on drugs.
That's what the vietnam war was all about
Unfortunately, few of them died.
They mostly just became traumatized and now wander the parking lots of our shopping centers shouting at people.
The Vietnamese were clever enough to have their children fight for them.
The silly hippies had trouble shooting little babies before they were shot by them.
Babies are small, you see.
Not much of a target.
If the US actually wanted to win in Vietnam, they merely would've nuked it into a slagheap.
How so?
That's not cowardice, that's merely recognizing that such devices can kill more civilians on the other side than individual soldiers ever could
Or there's that time when the Germans ran the British army into the channel.
That was very brave.
For the Germans, anyway
You people are just wrong
The idea is to kill the other side, not yourselves
Look at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
We pushed two buttons and got a whole country.
That's the idea
hundred of thousands of Japanese noncombatants
cmcpher, where do you get this from?
bc, like swords?
Why not fists?
Rocks were once advanced technology
The Arabs are insane.
The Islamic governments have so much power that they can dictate even how women dress.
And what do they do?
They order them to cover everything up!
Does that make any sense to you?
cmcpher, not the fat ones
There goes bc, proving once again that scottish people are stupid
Pity that 543 of them are bc.
Or should I say Anya
What sort of freak uses a girl's name!
You lie
You never stop lying, rather.
On movieweb.
That's Kate Beckinsale, dork
If you make me an editor, I'll give you bc's head on a pike.
Keep that in mind.
I have the pike right here.
The pike?
Right here.
The thing is, guns are a dime a dozen here in the states, but finding a pike is a chore.
Anyway, what's your address, bc?
I want to.
send you flowers.
See, I'm not stupid, bc.
bc, that's the scotland yard, or some such nonsense.
Or maybe the prime minister.
You wouldn't want him to get your flowers, would you?
cmcpher  Hello, dude
dude Hi
cmcpher What's up?
dude Fuck off, bloody piker!
Holyrood Palace?
what are you babbling about?
Nobody ever emailed me to ask me to write for adequacy 
I just like whining, really
You're mad, and on so many different levels.
You're forgetting several key points.
First, Jin doesn't love you.
Second, Jin is stupid and ugly.
Third, your head is as good as piked, you have greater concerns than romance.
How Freudian
She also plays the skinflute, I hear.
I doubt that you've ever been out with anyone, to be frank
That one way to put it, although if asked, I think they would say that you are whiny, clingy, and neurotic
Why would Jin be any different?
Why am I humoring you?
And I you less and less.
Water and oil.
Have you emailed her yet?
And you're brain dead!
Perfect.
Opposites attract, and all that.
I'm tired of her.
She's an annoying little witch.
Out of the goodness of my heart, I handed her fame on a platter, but do I get any thanks?
Quite impossible that she likes me.
You dislike Communista?
bc=headcase
Jin has wronged me, and it will take more than just an occassional thought to right things between us.
I don't.
I'm not sure I think much of anything.
I am banned from #slashdot, it seems
I wonder when that happened.
Oh, I must've wandered off right before then.
I had a nice discussion about racism with #slashdot the other evening
holy fuck
I bet the US is just going to start bombing people.
Left and right, more or less at random.
Bye bye Libya!
It's a center, not a centre
Well, was
It's not anything now \
I will accept no less than 500 dead towelheads for every dead American!
Goddamn it.
When are they going to start bombing sand niggers!
Yes, afganistan must be bombed into a slagheap
I would, but I have to go to work.
I think bc is making up this BBC crap
Nobody else can get to the site!
Two Los Angelas bound planes are confirmed down by American Airlines
You've been utterly inhuman, Jelerial.
No outrage, no lust for sand nigger blood.
just desires to exploit the situation.
Coordinate what?
Yeah, it was obviously done by the CIA.
Die, Bin Laden!
Most likely, momocrome.
0834 Global In order to centralize media coverage and information, it would be helpful if all people watching the news would talk in #slashdot to better share the information that is coming in.
Pity I'm banned from #slashdot
fuckers
I'm banned from #k5, 5oo
Well, I'm taking off
If I don't see lots of footage of dead muslims in 24 hours, I'm going to be pissed.
It would set a dangerous precedent, though, to change course now.
It would be like saying, If you don't like what we do, just kill a few thousand of us and we'll get the message.
Damn, some kbots are disgusting.
They're trying to make this about the sssca
the sssca!
Who gives a fuck!
Terrorists are destroying skyscrapers left and right!
This might make it hard for me to steal movies 
I won't be at all surprised if we're bombing somebody within a few days
Well, shoeboy, they're all guilty of something, you know.
Maybe there were no terrorists, Arab or otherwise.
Maybe it is an example of AI run amok.
The planes came alive and lashed out at the wtv
wtc, even
What was the quote?
Well, it was quoted in pulp fiction
British humour
Anyway, bc, I'm terribly sorry, but we're probably going to end up having to destroy the rest of the world.
You do understand, right?
Let's take a moment to reflect on our dear bc who is about to be killed by an american nuke.
If you would spell correctly, we could forget your foreigness for a moment.
realise indeed
Perhaps Rudy commissioned the plane attacks to keep the press off of his gayness.
And you're so close, shoeboy.
One more accidental homosexual encounter, and you'll be there!
I don't make lame jokes.
They're all solid gold.
He looks at the pictures.
Way to go kmart!
Maybe boeing should lock their planes away extra safelike.
I was being unfunnily ironic, like bc.
You know what pisses me off?
Those suicide pilots are in Islamic heaven right now, enjoying whatever it is Muslims enjoy.
Angst and Turkish Delight, I suppose.
How can someone be a multiple virgin?
Are you, zikzak?
I can't help but notice that bc enjoys turkish delight, just like the suicide pilots.
Very suspicious.
Cadbury forces their disgusting little cream eggs on us every Easter.
Works from here.
An airplane.
Well, those fucking Arabs showed us how to make a 767 look like 10k dead americans.
Ask them!
I just made that up.
They had an hour to evacuate the lower 3/4, though.
The people on the bottom few floors should've gotten out, anyway
less they were too busy banking, or whatever.
Not so!
Most of them got out.
And they have offices elsewhere.
Plus, they were insured!
You live in the UK
You're not even allowed broken glass.
Ever battle with the Loch Ness Monster?
No it wasn't.
Poor little monster.
The middle east should be nuked.
Then France
Next, the UK
And you know what happens after we nuke the UK?
A few radiationmutated survivors stumble around on their slagheap of an island, proclaiming its superiority to the US!
If we did turn you into monsters, by your own admittance, you'd have to kill yourselves.
But you really love protesting
They cancled the Latin Grammys over this.
Innocent?
Are you forgetting about what building was destroyed?
How many lives have those financial institutions destroyed in their lust for money?
Husaria, that's the whole principle on which the Justice system is based.
A quote, from k5
I have to admit that my first reaction was retaliatory denial.
I thought, Bush did this, he created a building full of martyrs so he can spend our Social Security funds with the public's approval, to build more weapons, to go to war .
to make money.
Later in the same story
We will see increased pressure to marginalize open source software because proprietary software is easier to control.
We do not have to trade our freedom for safety and if, out of fear for our loved ones and ourselves, we allow ourselves to be manipulated, then and only then, will this attack have truly succeeded.
You think Microsoft did it to kill Linux also?
Nutcase.
buh bye, bc
Go find another crank whore, it'll make you feel better
What's wrong with ridding the planet of vermin?
I like it
It evokes thoughts of communism
commakazi
Where are you getting these, seventypercent?
Yes, stay away from the right wing nuts.
I told you, you should calm down and enjoy a crank ho.
Hello, foreign bastard.
I am not pleased.
A Jin is an Arab fire spirit.
cp, don't get so bogged down in petty details.
The fact is, Jin Wicked == Arab sympathizer
bc, you're a foul mouthed giggly schoolgirl
I think you're making this up
You evil lying scotsman.
You traitor to the nonarab race!
You have betrayed the nonarab race.
bc, that's nonsense.
Anyway, I will list the ways.
You invited an Arab sympathizer to write for adequacy.
You constantly speak Arabic.
You bought plane tickets for some Arabs without even asking what they needed them for.
The list just goes on.
It is a shame to see a proud Black Woman like yourself subjugated by sand niggers.
No, I don't think that's right.
I think that you perhaps have a trace of celtic blood in your alcohol stream, you lush.
Rising, right along with bc's pride and iniquity.
aww, you know I love you, you little sinner.
You needed to use the pleasecompilethistime flag
Then I'm stumped
Some operating systems actually come compiled.
How's that for service?
That would figure.
Damn French Arabs.
zikzak?
I can't help but click every url or channel that I see 
Damn you
I made Kung Pao chicken for dinner.
twas delicious
I don't really like most pizza, actually.
I like some!
Oh come on, who actually like Pizza Hut and Dominos?
There's this place nearby that makes a yummy pizza with garlic, feta cheese and artichoke hearts.
There's some other stuff on there too
What do you mean?
Even if that something else tastes good?
You artfags get uptight over the silliest things
Jin is bc's
And there are currently no flights at all.
I see your point
Are they together?
And if so, are they together?
Miss Spears will make sweet sweet music on Clinton's love pipe
Everyone was or is a virgin.
I think I should report some news to #coverage, but I don't want to be banned from slashnet forever.
87% of Democrats feel that Gore wouldn't have let this happen.
true, but nobody wants to hear it.
I can believe that, about the cats.
Well, I have a gift.
I can divine the results of a poll before it is taken
Thus removing any reason to actually do the poll.
cmcpher, those are both excellent options.
He wouldn't have been in Florida reading to stupid Cuban kids.
But Bush stole the election.
Breaking News  Bin Laden's rage toward the US caused by childhood sexual abuse at the hands of Gore Sr.
Breaking News  Contrary to previous speculation, Arabs are in fact Satan's chosen people.
I was censored.
Breaking News  When told of the attacks, 12% of Americans visualized Godzilla knocking the Empire State Building over.
SlashNet!
It kicked me off.
Apparently.
I don't know more!
I was just suddenly disconnected.
No kidding?
A real live troll
Here on IRC
Jin Wicked wants naked pictures of me \
I don't know how to feel.
What's the appropriate response?
What does the Federal Government have to do with me, nude pictures, and Jin Wicked?
I know how to feel about the attacks.
Yeah, three weeks 
I've heard that you are a troll, cmcpher
You'd probably stare at my innocent young naked body, wishing that I was petrified.
You're not interested in literally rock hard cocks?
At this point, there is no point in wallowing in the details of the carnage.
What will that accomplish?
I think once one gets to the point of petrification fetish, being straight isn't the biggest concern
I doubt it
That's awful
Don't quit your day job, mc
Do you have proof of any of this?
I wish Mae Ling Mak were here now.
If you don't stop this nonsense, I will have to kickban you.
mc, this intolerable
this is intolerable, I mean
You could've just replaced anyone's name with Mae Ling Mak
It was absurdly dull
It's like a conversation between the two worst /bots.
cmcpher, please, just shut up
bc, op me, for the love of god
oh no!
Breaking News  US Military has begun dropping the first of 10 million playboy magazines over Afganistan.
bc, Jin wants nude pictures of me
Hello, bc
bc, unban me from #k5.
It is wrong for me to be seperated from my fellow kurobots in this time of crises.
I've been banned for several days.
Why not, bc?
But #k5 is where I belong.
I have won the victory over myself.
I love Linux.
This is channel is for 13trolls
pink since trolls r gay
Your infatuation disgusts me.
You have a channel specifically for her?
There's a professional edition of a flight sim?
I need a good picture of someone naked
No, I need a good picture of someone naked
Something that I can pass off as myself.
The Arabs shut the airport down, so Jin can't come visit you, bc
qp didn't adequately reflect my girlishness
Then why did everyone wrongly assume that I was male?
Almost everyone
Amazing!
Who am I?
Well, yes.
But it sounded like you actually had a revelation.
lb, everyone knows this!
I'm not sure.
Do you think I'm just joking?
I had no idea.
lb, I'm sorry.
You're quite right, apparently.
How'd you do that?
That was me telling you, not you proving anything!
Yes, I remember all of this, but none of it was you putting pieces togetehr.
I readily admitted it.
Oh, I see.
Forgive my previous insults.
bc would be up for that
And of course you want the true prophecies of Nostradamus.
Votes where?
Is it down?
bugger
Defending Jin?
You are her worst enemy
I know better, bc
Well, maybe.
But she doesn't need to know that
I can keep being a misbehaved pet
She won't, but don't lie to yourself.
While you defend her with your left hand, with your right you ready the crushing blow.
buh bye peeps!
hello, cyndrekit
There's no point in worrying.
The death and destruction will continue.
Heathrow will never be improved.
Jin Wicked will continue thinking only of herself.
Damn that sly evil Joey
2056 Global It has come to the attention of SlashNET that there is a great deal of hostility being expressed towards certain ethnicities which is not being covered well by the media.
This should not have to be said, but we would appreciate it if you would assist spreading a positive mood instead of hostility to all people.
The hate acts that are being reported by users on this network are quite disturbing.
Sunshine.
And flowers.
Running through the flowers in the sunshine.
With happy happy Arabs.
I am so happy in the sunshine and flowers with the happy happy Arabs.
Oh, do let's hear it
Just what is an aethiest, anyway?
But I like MASH
Why not?
Like crank whores?
Stop avoiding the crank whore issue, seventypercent 
First let's think about whether you are in any position to moralize.
You've skeletons in your closet, seventypercent.
Or rather, crank whores.
You sure are dancing around this issue!
As are you!
You cavort with crank whores
So you try to cavort with crank whores but fail
You shouldn't rely on the whims of a crank whore in order to assure the best for yorself.
You should say, Behind me, crank whore!
You should talk to bc.
Your moralizing might do him good.
I am leading him astray.
No, but I am talking him into doing something horrible.
It's a secret conspiracy, so I must remain tightlipped.
Suffice to say, he could use some moral guidance.
To bad they can't manage the same sort of revenue stream for themselves.
That's not the golden rule
No, the golden rule is Do unto others whatever you can get away with
I think that guy over at station 15 is up to something bad, cyndrekit.
Better go check him out.
it's forkbomb.
com or net or org
shoeboy, don't settle.
Hold out for your principles.
If it's perdida you want, it's perdida you're going to get.
bc and I are plotting her downfall
Well, there isn't much to tell.
We're a little low on ideas.
But we're plotting!
I could spend my whole life asking why about this and that and everything else, cyndrekit, but it would just be a big waste of time.
I don't think I've ever seen her art.
shoeboy, have you standards really fallen this low?
Something must be done about this.
I hate it when you start talking like that.
Big jiggly bones.
kip apparently kidnapped an indonesian girl
No matter how sexy she is, it's just not legal to keep her in a trunk, kip.
Frankly, kip is weirding me out.
That's how I feel about Seattle
Isn't that right, shoeboy, my big big piggy boy!
I imagine that puts a crimp on your love life, you UKian pigdog.
I didn't know muslims were allowed to do that
What a pity that would be.
man's men, some might say
Yes, thos scottish folk have huge penises
They aren't very close.
goddamn, I hate nerds.
Can some of the fallout hit them too?
bc, don't be a baby.
How so?
You're being a coward.
Explain, bc.
sheer lack of morality, pshaw
Who've you been talking to?
seventypercent?
You're an atheist, though
bc, pull yourself together!
seventypercent, you've ruined him.
He's a coward.
And a traitor
I want to sexually degrade Jin?
What the hell are you talking about?
bc, where do these people get their ideas?
Don't editorialize my posts.
I didn't say that.
You did
It's true, you did say it.
Have you forgotten?
1212 <bc> I want to get false teeth and make them bite her arse
1212 <bc> ok, this is getting disturbing now
1213 <Heidi> That's an interesting fetish you have there, buddy
I wouldn't have been so clever as to remember to say arse
1214 <bc> I must seek out some more jin pics
1214 <bc> the only prblem is she looks at logs I'm sure
1215 <bc> so I am scared to broswe it really obsessively
1215 <bc> maybe I should wget it and browse at leasure
bc, everyone knows it was you
Where is UB?
pb, just to catch you up on things, bc == traitor and coward
Because you are afraid.
Afraid of the joy that such an act of evil would bring you.
bc, there is nothing wrong with evil.
Evil is a beautiful and necessary part of life.
Yeah, but the IRA is always blowing people up.
I think the global community has just become desensitized.
What if we nuked Ireland?
Pity they aren't muslim
Steelcage Match  The United States of America vs.
The Religion of Islam
bc, maybe, but it will be quite a fight.
Nobody is going to be disappointed by this fight.
It will be worth your pay per view dollars!
The worlds most aggresive country versus its most aggresive religion.
We need some opening acts, though.
You can't just start with the main event.
No, I mean a knock down, drag out fight to the death
UK vs.
Ireland would work
Yeah, that's good.
It's good to open with a little blatant carnage, then move to the more even bouts
What do the UK and France have to fight over?
France makes some good cheese, for sure.
What has the UK ever done for me?
bc, you want to hear something shocking?
There are actually arabs freely roaming the streets in the US!
As well as people who look like they might be arabic.
At the very least.
I'm thinking we might as well just kill 'e,m
there is nothing wrong with sexual degradation
Well, not when it's targeted at appropriate individuals
Is prok a UKian cheese?
What about the vegans?
They can't eat meat
I heard an suggestion to nuke mecca
Which I think would be really funny
Where would they pray to?
The smoldering crater where mecca used to be?
I didn't do anything 
i wuz talkin liek tihs to sum1 and tehy were gettin real pised off
Then out of the blue, some oper banned me
Begbie, I think his name was
Aren't you an oper there?
unban me!
Yeah, I'm banned there too
I set my nick to MrsFalcon and was harassing MrFalcon
Which in hindsight wasn't such a good idea, since he's an oper
pennyarcade is an awful comic
Why would it be a good channel?
I don't harass girls \
I like girls
Calm down!
There's nothing wrong with abusing females P
It's what they are for
Talk like me?
How so?
I wish Jin were here.
Why not?
Do you fault the lion for hunting and killing?
no, of course not
Certain people's makeup requires that they prey on others.
Well, it's about 2k degrees outside here, like always
there's a little discussion, bc
but not much
bc, what the hell?
but the queens we use would not excite you!
It's not even that.
It's the internet's 37th best web board thingy
Breaking News bc is a traitor and a coward.
The ACLU is encouraging us to respect muslims!
Screw that.
I don't respect anyone.
I wish lb was here to buy me pizza
You are obviously teh dumbest troll.
mc, keep in mind that bc is a traitor and a coward
bc and I formulated a brilliant plan, but he has backed out
Details are not important.
Suffice to say, he was not courages and noble enough to follow through.
courageous, I mean
The cowardly scotsman is too bogged down in petty matters of morality.
They would be put to good use.
That would not be suitable to my purposes.
Privacy isn't much good if you're dead.
iat, I begin to see your point
How'd that happen?
Seriously, though
Paul Crowley is on adequacy
He's a wretched fool.
He fancies himself as a sort of cipher goth
Anyway, he's had it in for me since back on /.
Oh, the usual, you know
I'm a troll, I lie alot, I eat little children
Somebody on k5 called me neurotic.
That's just mean
And untrue, to boot.
Very true
Have I every struck you as being the least bit anxious about anything?
Since when are you a psychologist?
Is there any record of that?
Jin Wicked will suck it for you.
Just be sure to take pictures
Why not?
The other day you said that you imagined she was quite open sexually
or something
1234 <bc> shje is quite expirimental, sexually, I imagine
I didn't make it up
bc and I had a long coversation
He confided his lust of Jin to me.
lb, you weren't in the channel
It was in bc's channel that he made, #ilovejinwicked
Sure it is, bc
bc and jin, sitting in a tree!
kissing!
First comes love, then comes mariage, then comes.
something else
bc, we both know
My are you so ashamed of wanting to stick false teeth on Jin's ass?
No, bc, it was you!
Have you forgotten?
I'll paste the logs to remind you
1212 <bc> I want to get false teeth and make them bite her arse
1212 <bc> ok, this is getting disturbing now
1213 <Heidi> That's an interesting fetish you have there, buddy
There you go, bc.
Does that help?
I use Windows 2000
I don't even know what sed is, 'cept spanish for thirst
1221 <bc> i want her to sit on my face
It's called charisma
1225 <bc> would jin let me lick her arsehole?
1225 <Heidi> bc, you're sick.
He's overly defensive because it's true
1226 <bc> I bet she has a sweet, beautiful arsehole.
1226 <Heidi> you really need to shut up right now.
1226 <bc> I realise that I may sound offensive, but I lust for jin's arsehole.
1226 <Heidi> no kidding, sicko.
I'm not making anything up
My finger slipped
Hello, bc!
I was trying to type kickball be a fun sport
Slightly truthful?
I started off with exact quotes!
bc, you really said the bit about the false teeth
We both know that
Exactly
Invite Jin to come talk with us
No, this is exactly what you said.
1212 <bc> I want to get false teeth and make them bite her arse
Check your logs.
1528 <lb> in the light of recent channel conversation, you seem like a trustworthy person!
1528 <lb> I would like to confide in you that I would love a piece of bc's hot scottish ass!
1528 <lb> I can hardly contain myself.
1529 <Heidi> Don't worry!
1530 <Heidi> I won't tell anyone!
oh crap
You'd think, but actually no
I sure can
Ask me a question
2062866183
I'm a girl
I've drunk water within the past month.
coffee is mostly water
as are fruit juices
bc, lb has to go wank whever someone mentions Jin 
I'm sure he fantasizes about normal healthy sex with her.
Not biting her with false teeth
1 Nothing
2 Because you did
I don't think anything is especially right with it, as you seem to
Poor Jin
Sexually abused over the Internet
Well, I can't be certain what would happen then.
I don't sexually abuse her.
I defend her from you perverts.
I want to be honest with you
And I usually am
But sometimes you leave me no choice
But to lie
Once in a while I do, of course.
As do you
bc, you still won't admit to saying I want to get false teeth and make them bite her arse
bc, if you want me to be honest, you need to do the same
You aren't a scottish woman, bc
bc, protext me from bc 
protect, even
We should all play a game.
I'm thinking of something, try to guess what it is!
No and no
damn you, bc
I need Jin Wicked, in an intimate way
safeweb has nice pics!
They don't
Jin and I would be so happy together, away from all you meanies
We would make sweet lesbian love, hours every day
lb is orange, not green
No, Jelerial, I won't
bc may not see any pictures of Jin or I nude.
bc, why are you so fixated on asses?
fat hips?
Now it's all over, Danny Bailey!
lb is 7orange
I don't know to what you refer.
I was kicked
By bc, I expect
How is that obvious?
bce, I entranced by the girl herself.
bc, that isn't true
I know her favorite food!
Her favorite food is fish and chips.
I think it is
What crappy browser do you use?
5 asks whether you want to display the unsafe content
Don't be a coward
She doesn't look at her logs
Sort of?
I emailed her our chat log!
You heard me
I did.
After you made it clear that you wouldn't help me.
bc, I'm not that selfdestructive.
I didn't email her anything
I just wanted to see how you'd react.
I read her diary
twas lame
That comment sucks
I just rated it 0
I hate hic this
If only Jin were here to comfort my poor tender girlish body
Don't be perverse, legolas.
She would reject me, no doubt
I rejected her?
absurd
I don't think she even said that
What was the context?
I know how you like twisting words out of context.
Oh, I see how it is, bc.
You backstabbing scum
I thought we were pals, but then you go and promise that she needn't worry about me being on adequacy.
I suppose this is why my account is disabled.
bc, if you delete one of my comments, I will never forgive you.
What do I want with adequacy, anyway.
K5 treats me infinitely better.
It was an ircop that banned me
I'm a trusted user!
No, you back out of my plans, leaving me hanging.
I doubt anyone knows.
Nobody was awake when I was banned
Oh fine!
So I'm nothing anywhere!
You shouldn't have done that.
I know
Hello, bc!
1638 <Husaria> you cant ban bc
Like I was saying, kickball be a good game
legolas is trolling!
woohooo
Look at him go!
PLS00103 Encountered the symbol END when expecting one of the following
begin declare exit for goto if loop mod null pragma raise
return select update while <an identifier>
Sounds good!
I miss #k5 
Jin and I used to talk for hours there
I actually hate geeks
I don't know why I am on slashnet
I just hate those little fuckers so much
I am a kind, generous person, you know that.
Those geeks, though, I just want them to die.
I have no problem with jews.
I will run for office.
I will advocate the death of geeks and the sexual degradation of Jin Wicked.
That will get me elected.
I hate the way they babble for hours about nothing.
About stupid gk lingo
I hate people talking about the genepool.
I want to kickban them
Someboy op me
somebody, even
Why not, bc?
We're pals.
I would not
That's too obvious
I like to be subtle and unexpected
bc is going to get so fat 
seventypercent, you seem likable and trustworthy
Would you do me a favor?
I would do it myself, but frankly, people don't trust me to fall when dropped.
And that limits my ability to do certain things.
lb, it's getting near dinner time
pizza sure would be good!
Tell you what, I'll buy this time
Oh, I wasn't going to buy for you.
But why wouldn't I want to?
Is anyone here?
It is rude, but I forgive you.
How are you?
I suppose I am alright.
I don't want anyone to invade afghanistan
Well, the universal disdain of afghanistan
Who knows if they had anything to do with it
This I know
Still, there are a whole bunch of people in afghanistan who don't deserve an invasion
You know what would be ideal?
Bin Laden, co.
and the Taliben should just take it like men.
They should spare everyone else and just walk out into the middle of the desert and get what they have coming.
Some have said that Bush is eager for a war.
That might just be antiBush people speaking, though.
Check this out.
Eloquence illustrated we don't want to bring our selfs down to isreals lever assassanating people with no due prosess.
insted arested them extradyte them and give them a fair trial.
then the terrorists havn't one and we still have are dignaty,freedom and democracy
You found that fast
I'm tired of getting kicked.
And I don't want to get drafted
To go die
In some silly country
Well, you can run to canada, die, or be a co.
They should just use nukes if it comes to that.
You know they've been itching to use 'em for 50 years now
You know how big some of their nukes are?
They make fat man look like a firecracker
200 mtons?
I seem to recall that the largest one ever detonated was a 60mton bomb by the USSR
Oops, the biggest one ever was a russian ~ 50mton warhead in 1961
That's a big bomb
What does 50 million tons of tnt look like?
That's a lot of tnt
I'm reading about tiny little nuclear bombs 
No, really little ones.
Like 60 pounds
Small enough to put in the back of a car
With 12 kton yield
I'm also reading about hypothetical 10 stage thermonuclear devices that could semipermanently alter the climate.
Hopefully Bin Laden does not own one.
So we have no choice but to bomb all of southern asia to dust
We can't use nuclear weapons.
The EU would have a fit
As would the UN
Yeah, and some are thousands of times bigger
How much have neutron bombs really been tested?
It could mean that we'll only crash airplanes into them
Arabs!
All arabs
I talk like that, but I would rather that nobody got killed, or at most, only the people who did it
Too bad they didn't buy more cruise missiles with imaginary internet money
What if they genetically engineered a pathogen that could be carried by any living human but was only fatal/harmful to terrorists!
Plus, mecca is located in an allied country
I think my pathogen idea was a good one 
Wouldn't it be nice if the terrorists just promised to stop so we wouldn't have to attack anyone?
Saudi Arabia is a friendly nation!
We can't bomb friendly nations.
That's like suggesting we bomb the UK
You bloodthirsty barbarians
Everyone on the planet should just wake up, look around and say, Shit!
This has gone way too far.
We're out of control!
Then they should all stop killing.
No, the best option is for Bush to issue a statement of forgiveness.
The Senate should vote to say Bin Laden, we forgive you.
Please don't abuse our trust.
What's the matter, mc?
In that case, we should cleanly arrest those responsible, apologize to the middle east at large, and work toward finding a solution that is equitable to both Isrealis and Palestinians at the lowest possible cost of lives.
mc, you are falling into a fallacy
Merely because the attack was wrong does not mean that the motive for the attack was wrong
We should've changed our policy before the attack.
Are you saying that we are now stuck with this incorrect policy?
Isn't it great?
We're perceived as standing too much behind Isreal as opposed to merely wanting peace and equity
be back in a bit
No one is here.
I can do as I please!
shoeboy
indeed
I can dig it.
Who are you emailing?
Some fellow schemer, no doubt.
You naughty boy.
What's his email address?
I do not believe you
What are you going to tell him?
I can't imagine that will do any good.
Either he already knows or he will not be convinced.
What if he bombs you?
Excellent plan!
bc, I have had to temporarily give up k5
Well, when they're all incredibly stupid about something that doesn't matter, like copyright or open source, it matters not to me.
However, when they start up with their idiotic punditry about an issue of actual import, I find it infuriating.
Of course I have a conscience!
Why is this coming as such a surprise?
Oh hush.
I've never been, or claimed to be, evil.
bc is writing an email to Bin Laden
Or so he says
He is going to tell him that he is a scoundrel of the first water
It's too bad that Mountain Dew doesn't come with MSG already in it.
You can buy msg at the super market.
Get Tim's spicy jalepeno chips.
bc, how did the email come out?
Will Bin Laden be sufficiently chastised?
You lazy boy
Quit trolling each other
She's ugly
You know I would never troll anyone
I wonder if the pic will actually be of Jemima at all
I know some women who would do well to walk around with their heads covered
Adequacy is truly the king of web sites.
Isn't she a bit old for you?
Not really.
You can covert to Judiasm
Jews believe that scottish people eat Jewish babies.
American babies are so plump and juicy, who could help but eat them!
Feel free to!
It's what they're for.
13GIGGER
Why'd you do that?
Are you a communist?
That would be a shame.
You should be a hippie
Why not?
Free love, man
You are too uptight and surely
surly, even
I imagine you dress in dark unhappy colors.
You wouldn't know what to do with those women
You would try to bite their bottoms with false teeth
I've never heard of a hippy doing such a thing
Why would you want to do that?
Apart from any social restraints or possibilities of consequences, I would do terrible terrible things to those hippy women.
Things that would turn your hair grey.
You are a sick person
Followed by a statement
They are not my fantasies
I should hope they are nobody's fantasies!
That sounds more accurate
Why are you so nosey?
I do not trust you.
You have betrayed me far too many times!
I might be confusing you with someone else.
She has
Which is why you should help me degrade and humilliate her
humiliate
Why does it repulse?
It's not wanton
It's measured and appropriate
How so?
What is your nature?
As am I
I give pain and suffering
Intense sexual pleasure?
Fine then
Have her come over to Scotland and be your sex slave for a while
Send her home?
Having sex with bc is enough humiliation for a lifetime D
sheesh, if you don't want a sex slave, just say so
Hardly
You don't have to sleep with her.
She can sleep on a cot in the hall
I ran out of energy for writing, so I'm being mean to bc
kuro5hin is never dull
codegod> i liek open sourse!
techgeek> i liek open source to!
codegod> lets maek loev!
techgeek> ok!
im a guy
codegod> oh no!
i am a guy to!
techgeek> i guess i dont get laid again!
codegod> me neither!
techgeek> linix!
codegod> gtk stk gnome!
who's that woman on your arm
all dressed up to do ya harm
I probably shouldn't paste that in #k5
here I go
to get banned again!
There's nothing like a hug from a transexual!
Is that a penis in your pants, or are you just happy to see me?
undoubtedly
It's bad for you
bc does not smoke cock
It's a net 15 minute loss
It sure is
You waste 10 minutes smoking, plus 5 more get taken away
Somebody needs to kick that troll
li seems altogether too obsessed with sex
it's lb!
I don't want to hear about your hormones
Can I kick li?
bc is to cowardly to op me, anyway
I don't think I've ever done that
Maybe it was someone pretending to be me?
enlist in what?
Yes I do
That would be a great idea.
Husaria, your nick is too long
Times change
Two letters is the wave of the future!
The elite.
676 of them
Jelerial, that goes for you too!
Only 676 two letter nicks!
Get yours today!
Yes, li, I'm quite proud of that one
nice, bc
Not only that, but since a cock is not consumed during cocksmoking, a single cock can provide for hours of wholesome smoking!
With its smooth, delicious taste and texture, cock is a pleasure to smoke.
As an added bonus, many doctors believe that cock smoking  at least in moderation  can have longterm health benefits, such as reduced risk of heart disease and increased cranialvascular turpitude.
goddamn
bc, do you ever look back on your career and get depressed?
I know!
got to go!
legolas, I am suspicious of you
h2odragon mentioned the same comment to me as you did.
What's going on?
The cocksmoking one
That's an old comment.
What are the odds that two people would independently mention it within a few hours?
Fine, you win P
Do you ever look back and feel envy towards the person you once were?
I seem unable to recapture the manic insanity of my earlier career
I'm talking about online personas, legolas.
You're awful
I can't even spell Heidi anymore!
Stop speaking gk babble!
It's 923
0408  Sylvain has joined #ilovejinwicked
0408 <Sylvain> oh god
0408  Sylvain has left #ilovejinwicked
anyway, hello bc!
What's going on?
A side effect of using BSD, no doubt.
Did you give up on BSD?
Well, your sounds is broken because you used to use BSD
You might as well switch to AOL, too
Now you're talking like a gk.
Way to go.
freeserve?
These are all gk babblespeak.
You must have a nasty stereo.
It's too bad that UKian socialism has left you unable to buy a real stereo
Stolen?
Elite audiophiles have special 13/71st inch jacks
Perhaps I should listen to this music.
What's the url?
Doesn't work.
I get an error 409 This Music Sucks
unplug it first, bc
There's no hurry, bc.
rev's mp3's will still suck in a few hours.
I would download barrysex.
Barry, you're not done already are you?
30 seconds into it
Goodbye!
Damn you, zikzak.
Stop stealing Jin's loathing from me
You people are pitiful!
And pathetic
And a few more words that escape me at the moment
Damn straight I am
I am Canadian
It's true, you nutter.
I realise the difficulty, but I will make the attempt!
Despite the fact that I am Candian as pickle chips, I don't speak any french.
I will be sure to do that
It's not slander if it's true, you know
Shoeboy, considering what you look like, sending her a picture would not be a friendly act.
Go on, what do you want to send her
That's right, you're all vultures!
Vultures, circling around my kill P
I will acquire some of these Canadian donuts.
She would babble endlessly
She can't help it!
No, shoeboy, I think Jin is used to dealing with large egos
Why have you been avoiding her?
damnit
I'm sorry, bc, I was elsewhere
Like I said, I was elsewhere
Why thank you, yes I am
I'm very pretty too, you'll note
Who's this?
I'm not Jin
Jin's name is Jennifer
Not Heidi
I like my breasts
They are beautiful
No, we fixed that.
I'm not kidding
Apparently
There isn't much to tell.
I don't recall exactly how it started.
I was new to the scene, and #trolls was still going strong
I saw Jin in #kuro5hin, and I fell in love.
To be more precise, I saw the opportunity to exploit someone for notoreity
Soon, I was declaring my love to all who would listen, through any medium availible.
However, to Jin herself, I was terribly cruel.
ktb was my partner in crime.
You are familiar with the game vollyball?
ktb set the ball and I spiked it
All good things must come to an end, though, and apperently poor Jin was genuinely hurt
She gave up IRC for good, citing us as the reason
I continued in my madness until I was banned from #kuro5hin and an untrusted user on k5
Then, I wrote an article called Rejected, in which I, among other things, blamed Jin for things not working out between us.
The story was, fittingly enough, quickly rejected, but it was not quickly forgotten by anyone.
I was frankly surprised by how read it was.
Suddenly, I had my notoriety.
Since then, I've more or less laid off of Jin, taking time now and then to write a nasty story, comment, or diary
You seem to expect your posts to get deleted
But why?
No, why do you hide them at all?
What was wrong with gr1sw4ld's post?
And she's got breasts!
Take that, slashdot geeks!
adequacy.
org's Jon Katz has breasts!
I don't read adequacy.
org, the Internet's premier location for controversial opinions.
aroused yourself?
That's exactly why I avoid adequacy.
org, gr1sw4ld
What's the point of writing stuff if it's only going to be hidden?
Every single post I have ever made to adequacy.
org has been hidden within fortyfive 45 seconds.
I think there is a script to hide comments by me
It's really pointless to post there
zikzak, that's because bc deletes them
Clearly
zikzak, you are a multiple virgin, though.
What use do you have for a girl?
I admire your chastity, if not your attitude.
I too am chaste.
Being a holy girl of God
I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.
My purity and chastity are a beacon to a world full of lost sinners!
Come unto me, your light and salvation!
I haven't been to Canada yet
I do not own a car
She's reading your posting history
I read much of my k5 posting history last night, and I found my high point!
Everything before built up to it and everything after was trying to regain it
Would you like to see the comment?
It's great!
Jin Wicked gave it a 5
What's it to you if she smokes cock?
You abhore women.
How can you enjoy degrading sweet gentle girls?
You would be so generous as to shoot your wad on Jin's face and then kick her out in the cold?
I thought you lived by rev
And a 0
iGrrl had the nerve to 0 it
even when it was at like 4.
We're all genetic girls
cept zikzak
who is a boy
yes, it works fine
ah, that lovely comment from Jin's diary got hidden
I know
She was in #kuro5hin whining about it
That's what she was saying
It was funny
I wanted to tell her that she was the laughingstock of adequacy's editorial staff, but of course I didn't
0102 <Jin> He's nice to me, KTB.
0102 <Jin> On the boards he is.
0103 <Jin> KTB is bit short though
0103 <Jin> I like tall guys.
0103 <Jin> he is definitely the best looking K5er I have seen though.
I'm getting it
It's really long
Do you have it?
Started at 0046, pacific time
she kept bugging me for a picture \
She just wouldn't let it go, either
Even though I told her what I wanted in exchange
Oh yeah, I forgot what passed for the Internet in the UK
But at least it's free?
Then how can they call themself Freeserve?
Money grubbing bastards!
That's between me and Jin P
I'm taking off now.
Talk to you later!
Hello, bc!
Did you enjoy your reading?
You really should've been there.
Pity about the timezones
What's up?
Guess what I have, bc?
A diary entry!
Now, I just need to open up k5 and log in.
I'm just playing with you, bc
You're going to delete it, though
This is a ploy
I can see through it
You will delete it to earn her favor.
Well, I won't be surprised when you do.
Just know that.
I need to find my password
It's in my email
Oh dear
Scoop is so annoying with it's password crap
I made it in!
Although I will not deign to burden the gentle readership with the sordid details of our struggle, let it suffice to say that I emerged celebrated and victorious while Jin crawled away battered and bloody.
posted
I didn't edit the irc extract either
I wonder if Jin will read it
Why would I do that!
I don't want to seem like I want her to read it
ullo, my name is bc the scotsman.
Look at this diary, plz.
0119 <Heidi> You should go have a fling with ktb
0120 <Jin> He talks about liquor too much, qpt.
She was not!
0115 <Jin> Dylan messages me all the time.
0115 <Jin> But he's not my type at all, not in a million years.
Dylan == Inoshiro
aww, is that why you're so mad at her?
Actually, bc
The rest of us have really been wondering about that
We don't think you dislike her at all
We just think you're too skittesh to be affectionate
rev, it was a bit hard to miss, don't you think?
That's not exactly how I remember thing, rev, but whatever!
That's absurd.
I've not been obsessed with anyone.
I've not been obsessed with anyone.
I wish that skittish little scotsman really would roll on the floor laughing.
Hopefully, he's injure himself or such.
I've not been obsessed with anyone.
Nobody needs to email her for a while.
She might stumble on it herself.
Where will she go when adequacy becomes too unfriendly?
What would it be about?
Oh duh
I'd be banned by default, no doubt.
No nicknames with 'qp' in them allowed!
If I had a scoop site, it would automatically change any comments by rev so they were about Hello Kitty
A japanese schoolgirl, I see.
Somebody put a leash on legolas
griswald?
Jin was on irc, yes.
Why are you defending her?
And why is that?
You lust for her.
A pity, since she has no feelings for you.
You won't get any by licking her boots.
Jin must be dealt with abusively, if at all
Why is that?
I've not been obsessed with anyone.
Why are you getting an msn nickname at all?
bc, cut it out
cripes
Fucking hell!
tinypea is my nickname!
You jerk
suck it yourself, jerkass
jerkass!
Holy fuck, bc, it sounds idiotic
Get out of there.
right now.
Also, a channel called TeenSex34, I bet
bc, it's absurdly lame.
I insist that you stop
Seattle?
If it makes you feel better, they're probably all USian girls looking for Scottish guys.
I can't believe you stole tiny_pea
Not true!
Oh yes
msn chat is full of great people!
I LOEV TEHM ALL
Get kicked.
Isn't it moderated?
The giz crowd is actually more literate than the average online chatter
You have to understand, #adequacy is the very creme de la creme of Internet chat
If you go elsewhere, it just gets worse
shoeboy.
what's up?
I didn't do anything to Jin
shoeboy, you have to come to grips with the fact that not ever nice girl wants to walk on you and have you like their feet.
You can't have Mary, and for so many reasons.
Jesus is dead in the pieta
You freak!
She's just sitting there holding a dead Jesus
What's sexy about that?
Unfortunately, the pieta is elsewhere, so I will have to take your word for it.
Even if there is no God, I still think He must be getting angry at you.
God misses nothing.
God has given me the sacred mission of bringing Jin Wicked to Him.
Jin Wicked is filled with pride, which is a sin before Him.
Jin is merely a lost child of God, one among millions.
Perhaps not
Have you heard from Jin?
I want to apologize
I found some pictures of the Pieta, and.
well, I would not use the word sexy, but I am very struck by it
Were I to see it for real, I do not doubt that I would struck dumb.
Looking at her, I feel ashamed talking about her, even though it is only a photography of a piece of marble \
photograph
Jin will never be a fraction of the woman in the sculpture.
If narcissism is a mental illness, then we belong in an asylum as much as Jin, bc.
griswald, you saw my diary entry.
Jin and I battled, and she was defeated!
My brave, trustworthy right hand man bc stood by my and we warred against the She Devil and wer victorious!
and were
She has been on, bc
I saw her
She won't respond
She is a coward
She is too cowardly to dare face me again.
Since our last meeting I have only waxed and she has only waned.
I am a hellish juggernaut, spawned in the depths of the abyss!
She will not stand before me!
I will not rest in my efforts until the wyrm's blackened heart is pierced.
Even if we perish, the glory of our might deed will never be forgotten.
Our names will be written in the stars until time is no more!
bc, have you ever killed a powerful demon before?
Just asking, and all.
Oh, I agree, completely.
I am sure that we are up to it, but it's just that.
well, frankly, I haven't the first clue on how to go about it.
Who is Peter Cushing?
I'm on google, but I'm not seeing much
I have a plan
bc, you shall seduce her
and while she sleeps, you can poison her
She thinks you're cute
It's all on my shoulders, isn't it?
I'm the one she wants.
What did I do to deserve this?
Why is she interested in me?
seventypercent, you're experienced in seducing demonlike creatures, such as crankwhores.
How's it done?
seventypercent, what did I say wrong?
I'm sure.
She would've, except she probably fell into a ditch or something
I bet she looked scratched up, huh?
bc, that won't work
If I pursue her, she will lose interest
I must continue to pull away and she will chase after.
And then, when she thinks that her victory is upon her, I will spring on her and bind her in darkness forever!
I will enslave her, and parade her in front of everyone before who she used to strut so proudly
Umm, you don't believe in God, bc
I don't think he'll strike anyone down for you
Oh, that was quick
Jennifer
Odd name for evil
But whatever
Hi, I'm a succubus and my name is Jennifer
Yahweh hasn't done jack in thousands of years.
you just know He's got something really fucking incredible saved up is sleeve.
Yahweh hasn't done jack in thousands of years.
you just know He's got something really fucking incredible saved up is sleeve.
Allah will come out fighting, He'll be all over Yahweh.
Yahweh will be on the ropes, having not even found time for a single attack.
Then wham
It'll be over.
Allah dead on the canvas.
Isn't it written in the bible?
No and no!
Yahweh
If it's not, how do we know what it is?
I think you just can't say it out loud
And we know that they are satan's servents
I assfucked the antichrist!
I mean
Jin and I have never met.
Really
The reason we're at each other's throats has nothing to do with a romance gone sour years ago
I promise.
It's 543 in the UK?
That's what you get when you play a harmonica and use chewing tobacco?
I have never use the devil's weed
To paraphrase even more, nostrodamus said Osama bin Laden will send terrorists to destroy the World Trade Center by hijacking airplanes to crash into the towers.
Yahweh hasn't done jack in thousands of years.
you just know He's got something really fucking incredible saved up is sleeve.
rev, please don't.
I know we've not been friendly, but I don't want you to die.
Yahweh hasn't done jack in thousands of years.
you just know He's got something really fucking incredible saved up is sleeve.
Yahweh hasn't done jack in thousands of years.
you just know He's got something really fucking incredible saved up is sleeve.
hello, perdida
Back when pirates were actually dangerous?
I suppose infinite justice would be a state in which any change would bring about injustice.
There is an executive of Homeland Security?
That does sound strained.
I suppose infinite justice would be a state in which any change would bring about injustice.
cp, Pornglish
hullo, bc
The letter b
It's true
Fine, keep your badly formatted document
You aren't qualified to make that diagnosis!
Certainly not.
Use   for space
that's a space
Without the quotes
Of course not
Maybe I was thinking of WordPerfect
I hate giving wrong information
Basically that shoeboy and elenchos are dating
I suppose infinite justice would be a state in which any change would bring about injustice.
I suppose infinite justice would be a state in which any change would bring about injustice.
I suppose infinite justice would be a state in which any change would bring about injustice.
Hardware wants to be free.
oh dear
A man once conceived a baby by swallowing semen.
url to what?
tiny_pea, you aren't practicing unsafe homosexual oral sex, are you?
You should always wear a condom when performing oral sex on another man.
I doubt it.
I doubt he would be able to figure out how to put a condom on.
See, legolastudy, if it's not easy, you're doing it wrong.
Lots of things in life are like that.
Or putting a condom on.
If you have any trouble at all with either of those, it's most likely because you aren't doing it correctly.
Although, I must say there's nothing easy about anal sex.
I am adam rightmann.
You could just ask me.
A Muslim, perhaps?
Well, why do you have this urge?
What brought it on?
Perhaps he is also forced to.
Should you maybe be more understanding?
No, you mustn't kick his ass.
However, you may smash four 4 G4 cubes on his head.
No more.
I think elby should date Jin Wicked.
Jin is 21.
Like tiny_pea said.
tiny_pea is so cool.
I like him a lot.
Meeting girls online is a great way to find love.
All the opportunity with none of the risk!
go for it, elby
elby, you'd be stupid not to pursue this girl.
tiny_pea, these people are disturbing.
Perhaps it is a good time for your lecture on the romantic necessity of physical attraction?
They remind me of breeding stock on a ranch.
I'm saying you would like to be a stud.
It is your highest ambition.
The very peak of your selfdefined success is still subhuman!
You are a beast.
I'm frankly surprised that you can type.
No, elby, we are providing you with insights that you are unable to make for yourself.
You really should thank us, but we don't expect gratitude from your kind.
Nonsense.
tiny_pea and I are geniuses.
It's inconceivable that we would both be incorrect about the same matter.
About what sort of person elby is.
Please do try to keep up, kip.
See, being an INTJ merely means that I must be paired with one such as tiny_pea in order for my more antisocial impulses to be constrained.
between you and me, I don't have any antisocial impulses.
Don't tell tiny_pea, though, as it would make him feel wretchedly useless
Clearly.
The desire to hurt women is merely a reflection of his desire to hurt his true mother, society herself.
Women are beautiful creatures to be celebrated and appreciated.
Unfortunately, his beastial ideals blind him to this sublime truth.
Perhaps what you say was true in the stone age, but those times are passed.
elby, I have transcended byond the need to anger others for my own enjoyment.
I can appreciate quiet reflection and contemplation, coupled with sincere and stimulating conversation.
elby, don't be absurd.
It's almost like you're accusing tiny_pea of selfcontradiction.
What nonsense.
In truth, contradiction are only facets of a deeper truth, but I doubt elby can grasp such things as that.
Propaganda?
We've merely argued that there is more to life than sexual intercourse and hurting people.
You've decried decensy at every turn, elby!
You cling to your barbarity like a babe to its mother's breast!
tiny_pea and I believe in love.
We believe in the goodness of humanity and in moral progress.
We believe that every person has a seed of greatness in them.
Does that mean that we are to be shunned, persecuted and silenced?
If it does, then you deserve your fate, for you have damned yourselves.
elby, do not try to drag me to your level.
elby, of course I don't believe that you cannot be saved.
Why would you even suggest such a thing?
tiny_pea is correct.
Even the stoniest heart, lying still in the cold breast of cynical modern man may yet be awakened by love.
You have lived your life in pain and now believe that there is no other way to live.
tiny_pea and I would tell you something different.
We would spread a radical heresy, that love is possible!
Your real world is fashioned not by nature or your fellow, but by your own clouded perception.
elby, evolution has shown that putting the species first is better still.
What is the species except for your fellow individuals?
What better way to care for them but love?
See, even the cold discipline of science bears witness to Love's power.
You have reduced the entire world to your agony.
Have the courage to put your pain aside, elby, and embrace the light of love.
tiny_pea, I start to wonder if we can get through to him.
Our mere words are powerless.
We can only hope that love finds our friend elby soon.
How could someone not believe in souls?
Unless.
Could elby be so dead that he cannot even feel his own soul, tiny_pea?
Is such a thing possible?
Then what is he!
We are not weak.
Are knowledge of reality gives us strength and confidense, while you skulk bitterly in the shadows.
s/Are/Our
Utterly incoherent.
Facinating, but also somewhat frightening.
The words are English, but the sentiments are alien.
bestial.
He babbles on about ducks, suicide and children.
What does any of it mean?
What is true, elby?
How can a life of exuberant goodness, marked by joy and satisfaction be a waste?
That's nonsense!
Not at all.
There is more to live than fun.
Goodbye.
Goodness, geeks are obnoxious.
bc, where's this sexual energy test?
You expect me to grub around the site looking for it?
We should all take the same IQ test
I suspect that bc is the smartest troll as well as the gayest.
Well, where's the test?
I don't doubt it.
bc is a genius.
I've only taken online IQ tests, but I always score about 5060
I know!
iat, did you finish the test?
I left the last two pages empty and still got over 130
iat has add 
poor guy
It's not my fault you were aroused.
Plus, he was drunk.
He doesn't need to.
He's a genius.
I give a lot of 0 ratings on k5
I'm trying to provoke a response, but have been unable to do so.
I've 0'd entire threads, and do I hear a single peep?
I 0 every snide remark by signal 11
I think I'm going to look for comments to 0.
Foul language?
That's a 0.
Personal attacks?
Bad logic?
Yup, 0.
No way.
I am working for the cause of order and goodness.
bc, if I abuse the ability too much, I'll lose it
I went out already, and it was with a whimper
That would be a lot of work
I suppose I could use the search function to 0 rate all comments
rusty would be mad at me, though, and take away my account
That would be a blow.
I would be shattered
But for a brief moment, my infamy would wax greater than it has ever been.
You're not leading me astray, are you?
I thought rusty hated bots.
You're going to have me get my IP banned
You're right, he has Inoshiro do it for him.
Well, bc, you have to promise me this.
If you do, I'll do it.
If I do get banned, you must go to k5 and find nice tidbits of rage directed toward me.
I'll write it this weekend.
Every 5 minutes, it will 0 the first 30 comments on the search screen.
That's just evil.
I don't want to do that, though, because I might get caught by Inoshiro before anyone else notices.
Only 5 comments have been posted in the last 5 minutes.
Perl makes the complicated simple!
Or maybe I have that backwards.
That's not possible
Else I wouldn't be trusted
I DONT BELIEVE YOU
Eat lots of fried shrimp.
I would rather eat losts of fried shrimp.
How do you feel about fried shrimp, bc?
I don't like raw shrimp.
Curried shrimp is also good.
I wonder if elby illness is caused by his bilefilled heart.
bc, I can't believe he would say such a thing.
I'll kickban him for you!
I'm sorry, bc.
My finger slipped 
Thanks for understanding.
I won't!
There's this place that claims to serve authentic British food, but it's actually quite good.
Is the place lying, or have I been misled my entire life?
I thought as much.
They have this dish called bangers and mash or something.
It's not what you might think.
It's actually just sausage and mashed potatos.
And they have this other dish called shepard's pie which isn't actually a pie at all.
It's just meat and vegatables with browned mash potatos on top.
That's not a pie!
Also, they have something they call fish and chips, even though it's really fish and french fries.
The naming is horrible, but the food is good.
bc is right
elby, no
It's a place in Oregon.
Is there a good place in Seattle for British food?
Do you know anything about it?
Is it any good?
I'm not lying!
I don't lie!
What about mashed potatos?
Don't you ever get tired of bland food?
Well, if you're not allowed any spices, that would get bland.
Is even pepper forbidden?
What's Lea&Perrins?
Those are all spices, though, or sauces.
In fact, right after you said no spices or sauces, you said that worcester sauce was allowed.
But elby, the only point that he got across was that he can't keep a thought straight in his head.
I am familiar with pepper and worcester sauce
English mustard I have had.
It's pretty strong, but it's not chinese mustard.
Why does adequacy keep logging me out?
Whenever I actually want to post something, I have to look up my password, and it just isn't worth it.
Hello, tiny_pea.
I'm in #kuro5hin.
You deserve to be banned.
Why should I do that?
I need to get ready to go.
No, I'm getting ready to go out.
Silly.
Well, what do you see when you look up?
Exactly.
out is a place with no ceiling at all.
Perhaps, but it's much too far away to see it.
No, if there is a ceiling, it is hundreds of miles up.
What do you know of stars?
Perhaps the ceiling is still and we move.
No, this is blasphemy  I am a god!
Then you've not had enough to drink.
Excellent idea!
How do you afford whisky, since you are unemployed?
Where does it come from?
Please tell me.
You own a shotgun?
Poor racoons.
They deserve a proper burial.
That's overstating it a bit, I think.
Hooray!
zikzak is going to die.
I have something to show you.
It's long.
Paste here, or in /msg?
0212 <PuFf> you left yesterday before I could warn you about something
0213 <Heidi> What's that?
0213 <PuFf> you have a serious security problem
0214 <PuFf> your user give you away
0214 <PuFf> here's what I was able to derive from it
0214 <PuFf>                 name Wall, Heidi Alayne
0214 <PuFf>  Residence_hall_phone 2062867196
0214 <PuFf>             Phone_eve 6506919063
0214 <PuFf>        Subbox_Address Mailstop 2061
0214 <PuFf>       Subbox_Address2 Seattle Pacific University
0214 <PuFf>           Subbox_City Seattle
0214 <PuFf>          Subbox_State WA
0214 <PuFf>            Subbox_Zip 981191997
0214 <PuFf>         EMail_Address alayne@spu.
0214 <PuFf>          relationship Student
0214 <PuFf> see what I mean?
0215 <Heidi> Goodness, how did you find all that?
0215 <PuFf> university's database
0215 <PuFf> I would suggest changing your user
0216 <Heidi> I have to wonder why you went through the trouble.
0216 <PuFf> old habit
0216 <PuFf> I have a degree in computer science
0217 <PuFf> but my profession before i got into computers was professional bounty hunter
0217 <Heidi> And it causes you to look up information about people?
0217 <PuFf> ;
0217 <PuFf> yup
0217 <PuFf> old habit
0217 <Heidi> hmm
0218 <PuFf> relax I'm harmless
0218 <PuFf> just thought you should know
0219 <Heidi> I suppose I'll change it next time I log in.
0219 <PuFf> no prob
0219 <PuFf> now if you'll excuse me I have to warn a rich fool about some other security matters
0220 <PuFf> ;
Counterintelligence wins another one!
Oh dear!
I saw Heidi just the other day, actually.
We were discussing a business venture.
I said hi
Maybe I will change.
I don't want her to get stalked
Not at all.
I don't wish any harm on the poor girl.
She had to endure email from both you and shoeboy.
You should email her.
You are very nonthreatening
I wonder.
Disappointed by your inablity to satisfy them?
Truly, though, it is a crime that Heidi isn't active on k5 and aq
Since you have nothing but free time, you should seduce Heidi Wall and have her start posting to k5 and aq.
Your shorts are too tight?
And quite the gut!
Trolls can be divided into two groups, the svelt attractive ones like bc and the fat ones like lb.
And the third group of which no one knows much anything about, to which I happily belong!
Worse than rev in what way?
That's a really gay thing to write about, buddy.
It's Lady's, you lush.
I had an idea  my first in a very long time  but I forgot it.
It had something to do with.
I just can't put my finger on it.
bc, what was my idea?
Surely I told you.
I rather think it's more likely that you just didn't listen.
bc read about it, I believe.
What do you think about young nude girls singing pop music, bc?
Sometimes they will wear tops, yes.
I should write this up in detail and submit it to k5.
No introduction or explanation, just the idea.
That would be bizarre
No, I was busy!
I'm in school, damn you.
You don't do anything bc, why don't you write it?
You just sit around a drink all day, bc!
For my k5 sig
Then what do you do all day?
It's Tuesday.
You're an unemployed bum.
We need to get out of Isreal now.
Before any more American lives are lost, we must vacate the middle east and hide within our own borders.
No, we have no right to impose ourselves on native peoples.
Western Man is a cancerous blight on the land.
We must concede the superiority of native peoples and beg their forgiveness for past wrongs.
While native peoples have fashioned a holistic unity with nature, Western Man has carved a place for himself through violence and destruction.
You would be wrong, mc.
Science has uprooted us from our proper place and placed us high within a cold and sterile artificial environ.
We are seperated from what makes us human, and have become mindless consuming automata
Man has become Phage, and if he is not stopped there will be no limit to his evils.
Regardless of the scientific truth of natural religions, the belief fostered in us what is most pure and good.
Cut of from that belief, and drowned in a sea of facts, we lack the foundation to make meaningful decisions.
Man qua Man is a natural communal being, filled with respect for his world and neighbor.
The West, though, has perverted Man, remaking him in the image of Lust, condemning him to scurry fractically to satiate his everwaxing Desires.
This time of troubles that is visited upon us is the deaththroes of a race cut off from its roots.
From statements of fact, there can be no logical argument resulting in a conclusion of values.
Thus, in a world of pure fact, there is no morality.
We sacrificed our soul on the alter of technological progress, and with it gave up any means we had of seeking what is Good.
Thus, we are condemened always to Eat and never to Act.
I think I smell an article coming
Don't kick poor bc.
He's very sensitive, you know.
Not to mention good looking, urbane, and clever.
You appear to be drunk, also.
Husaria, hush.
There's no more use in arguing with bc and kip than there is in arguing with me and bc.
When bc pairs with someone, he becomes unstoppable.
The best tact is to just walk away.
Eat your tuna out of the tin.
With your fingers.
And then sit slumped up against the wall in your underwear, drooling on your belly.
bc, I have been inspired.
I just know that my idea that I talked about last night is my ticket out of here!
I'm going to ride it all the way to the top!
is done.
VA pulled the plug.
They closed down a few weeks ago.
Yes, orally!
RIGHT NOW!
Could've fooled me, buddy.
Are you ready to settle down?
Have children?
Adequecy.
org The Internet's premier source of controversial opinions.
bc, kip wants to marry you.
bc will not have sex with you unless he loves you.
He's romantic that way.
I wonder if Vlad would sell geekizoid to me for $.
No, damn you, I want the domain!
Me me me!
Well, that's all I would do with it, elby.
Have them send it to me.
nobody loves me
Everyone leaves in the end.
Oh stop it, legolas.
It's not like they're bombing white people.
hullo, Hamish!
irssi appears to suck.
Do you want me to kick you a bit, tiny_pea?
Poor Hamish, you seem down.
I think tiny_pea is trying to hack you.
13United Kingdom
9United States
Bombing civilians is okay if they aren't white.
Linux can't compete with Windows.
Libertarians eat Jewish babies.
Windows can't compete with Linux.
Kick me, I'm trolling!
Oh, okay.
You wouldn't be arrested for getting a biography of Karl Marx, no.
She's on the other side of the wall, tiny_pea.
Regardless, getting a book isn't speech.
In the USA, speech is free and talk is cheap!
Women are tall, blonde and wellendowed either by god or a doctor
You've been lied to.
Of course we don't let black people ride the bus.
Black people pull the bus, silly.
If by paid you mean whipped, then yes.
Yes they do.
I do you speal Britany Spears' first name?
Thanks!
I am arguing on k5!
It's tough going
StrontiumDog doesn't appear to know what qua means
Canadia has more than one warship?
Imagine that.
Wonderful.
We will all use Afghanistan as a toxic waste dump after we conquer it!
hehe, bill environmentalists for cutting down trees
elby, are you around?
Hello, kip.
Hello, Hamish!
rev's physicist is shaped like a klein bottle.
rev, it's a 3 dimensional shape that has only one side.
It struck me as the sort of thing physicists like
No, a sphere has an inside and an outside.
I just looked up Menger's sponge on the Intarweb, and that's really really cool
bc is too gentle of a soul to engage in anal sex
bc, you should try a man.
Nothing satisfies like a deep dicking.
Suit yourself.
Ask rev, he's had it every way you can imagine and he'll tell you that there's nothing like a deep dicking.
bc can't bring himself to fck anything.
He's much too sweet and gentle.
Hence, he is not satisfied.
He needs someone to reassure him, to coax him out of his shell, to make sweet gentle love to him.
Unfortunately, so many UKian women are course tarts.
In a capitalist that is, moral game, someone always wins.
Well, if it isn't atrowe.
who's that woman on your arm, all dressed up to do ya harm!
let it loose, uh!
And why is wearing wool good?
Californian girls wear lots of.
nothing.
bc, do you want me to kick the nasty monkey for you?
It gets colder in parts of California than anywhere in the UK
And better
There are mountains in California that are as big as Scotland.
well, maybe not
Yup, that's an ugly girl, kip.
bc, California is huge.
California is as big as Asia, Africa and Mars combined.
nah, everyone has flying cars.
Well, no.
Your penchant for bestiality disallows you admittance.
ACCESS DENIED, WHORE
Then by all means, please come live in California.
When you enter California, you allowed to choose six 6 gorgeous beach babes to be your personal servents.
That's how California works.
To be honest, you will have two 2 times more fun with even one 1 gorgeous beach babe than you would with three 3 scottish lasses.
bc will become American!
We will eat his soul!
haw haw haw
You will be assimilated.
Americans are not actually people.
People have souls.
Americans are soulless consuming automata
You do.
They all go to Satan.
The Muslims are actually deadon when they call us the Great Satan.
It's quite true.
America is the greatest threat the human race has ever faced.
I would guess that there is no more than a few thousand ~3,000 living people in America.
The rest are possessed shells, drained of their souls.
We stretch out our blackened claws, reaching around the globe, drawing all life and goodness into our maw.
American anticulture will spread to ever nation and humanity will be plunged into perpetual darkness from which it will never emerge.
that girl is ugly
I actually get server not found
I am in the lower depths of hell.
I am in America, Satan's chosen country
bc, she isn't white.
As an AngloSaxon, you have a duty to preserve the purity of your bloodline.
Well, whatever the hell you are.
You're a bum!
Flat, large and round.
Like a coaster.
Or a placemat.
Or a dinner plate.
Or a tortilla!
70 seventy do watch your language.
There are children here!
You can't actually be progun.
Hullo, bc.
And rightfully so, sarah.
Services is trying to keep the black man down.
That link has an XCam2 ad!
Margarine here is a sickly yellow color.
It looks gross.
I wish it was the same color as butter.
Beta carotene in large amounts can turn you 7orange
bc is a bit artshy.
He had a bad experience with an artist.
truly
The artist?
I don't wish to disturb old wounds by naming names, dearest bc.
Suffice to say, she spurned your romantic advances.
I understand that you don't want to talk about it.
It's shame to see so many people throwing their lives away on drugs, isn't it, bc?
The klein bottle shaped girl.
I think it's odd that rev would eat her for dinner, considering how fond he seems to be of her.
Is that right?
Where are you going?
Steakhouses are symbols of an oppressive, carnivorous, patriarchal society.
I should hope your cigarshaped lover had enough selfrespect to not go to a steakhouse.
True love, of course.
It's interesting that you go to such a masculine homosexual?
restaurant with a cigarshaped penisshaped?
girl boy?
I thought that bc's parents were killed by Cossacks.
That doesn't surprise me, since you are an uneduated innercity black boy.
bc is a type of noodle dish, at least from where I'm standing.
I can spell uneducated too.
Unlike you, however, I can spell it many different ways.
Poor rev.
I'm not sure I've ever met anyone so lonely.
Can you imagine fabricating a lover, bc, just so that other people would accept you?
Can you imagine fabricating a lover, bc, just so that other people would accept you?
I surely cannot imagine doing that.
Such desperation is alien to me.
I must go now.
BUH BYE!
bc, did rev ban me?
Figures.
And he would deny the enjoyment of being banned in person.
I feel sorry for the poor guy.
He's obviously tormented.
So how are you?
Well, it's Friday, which is nice.
Of course, weekends mean nothing to the unemployed.
sheesh
You'll have a glass for no reason at all.
I'm sure they would appreciate that.
Oddly enough ,Sylvain, the linguist, seems to hate language more than I would've thought possible.
If you want a new profession, you could take to selling Cipro on street corners.
Nothing is a good idea forever.
Yes, the karmic balance in the universe is always preserved.
During World War 2, Bayer performed medical tests on Jews.
The United States has since supported a Jewish state, and come under attack from Palestinians, who want to dispose of said Jewish state.
It only makes sense, really.
If Bayer says no, it will only prove that they are aiding and abetting terrorists.
They will surely be bombed.
But anthrax sounds scary.
Have you no heart?
Well, there isn't an AIDS epidemic in Africa, so that seems right.
Well, in all fairness, Africa is full of black people.
I think that should be brought into consideration.
In the interest of curbing AIDS, perhaps Africa should be once again placed under European colonial rule.
A pity neither of you will write it, you lazy lazy trolls.
Oh, I've better things to do.
cp hates you, seventypercent.
I'm sorry.
Nobody of import.
I do not.
I wouldn't vote it up anyway.
I hate you.
Proving only that there are more than enough sicknesses to go around.
Still there?
I'm almost done with a cs degree.
bc, I have an article in the k5 queue
It's doing quite well, proving that k5 really is full of complete lunatics.
The article isn't wanky at all!
It makes some good points.
wanky=masturbatory
You are the supreme masturbator.
You write to make yourself feel good.
I write to educate.
I'm sure.
So you believe that continuous chaos is the ideal state?
But revolution doesn't bring progress.
Revolution changes the underlying rules of society, so that progress can be made after the revolution has run its course.
If the rules are constantly changing, though, no progress is possible.
I don't deny that one or two revolutions could be helpful, but constant revolution is not to anyone's advantage.
Equality of chaos and uncertainty, perhaps.
Equality of inability to plan effectively for the future.
What do you think society is?
It's only a group of individuals.
Yeah, thank goodness for that.
I'm relieved that you're kept on a leashe.
To get drunk?
Well, perhaps some terrorism is good.
Too much, though, interferes with society's operation and loses its ability to shock.
Well, an IRA bombing in the UK has much less impact than a Palestinian bombing here in the US.
This is simply because one has been over done.
You can basically count on the IRA bombing someone.
Where's the terror in that?
Why haven't the English killed all the Irish yet?
I understand, but the Irish have had more than their fair share of chances to calm down.
Well, it was a slightly different situation.
Your Irish are barbaric, but they are human.
Our natives were subhuman savages.
Basically, the continent was infested with a large, dangerous pest.
It needed to be disposed of.
Can there be any doubt that white men are the finest achievement of evolution and nature?
bc, you can only speak that way because you are in the UK, so you are naive.
Here in the United States, black people compose 21% of the population, yet commit 99% of the violent crimes.
In small numbers, they lack the courage to get uppity.
bc, America will indeed soon cease to be a white country.
Whites will no longer be the majority.
Well, I can let you in on a secret.
But you mustn't tell anyone.
We are working on a plan to clone a large number of black and latino women.
These women will meet their standards of beauty i.
e large hips and ass, kinda fat, ratty hair, etc.
Next, we are going to send all those women down to Mexico.
The savages will follow in a big herd, drawn by their lust.
Then, we nuke Mexico.
I suppose that would work, but Bush wants to use nukes.
That's a great idea, I will write to the government.
We can just introduce them to society.
The blacks and latinos will mate with these poisoned women, thus killing themselves off.
You are a genius, bc!
Maybe it's not the mac that sucks at all.
I think I have a pretty good idea of just what and who sucks.
Husaria sucks, Macs are just fine.
Got it?
Husaria is a towel boy at the gym and he sneaked into the office, played with a mac, and broke it.
You're a towel boy at the University of Buffalo?
This is getting tiring.
You're going to hell, bc.
For encouraging mikael_j and his weird blend of protectionism and communism.
Oh stop, you're smart enough to know that despite any appeal such a system, when implemented, has widereaching and undesired sideeffects.
No, I don't think you do.
You always lie.
Socialism could work well in a small, closeknit community.
That much is certain.
In a capitalis system, money is the communication mechanism.
Socialist system don't have one, so government has to step in and try to fill the role.
There's just too much for any person or group of people to get a handle on.
In the system you're talking about, most actions would be taken on the whim of the doer, not because of a democratic agreement
That's what a capitalist system is, though.
That's made worse by an easily corruptable government.
In the US, for example, corporations are acting with powers that should be reserved for government.
That confuses the issue.
Not really.
There's no reason why payoffs would have to be reported.
But that's beside the point.
How do you plan on dealing with laziness?
How would status be measured?
My point is that if someone is at the wage cap, there is very little incentive for them to do much at all except stay at the wage cap.
You're confusing two different issues, outrageous inequality and starvation.
Yes, it is a tragedy that people starve.
However, I fail to see the problem in someone being a million times as wealthy as me.
I'm not saying that the only incentive that people have is cash, but that seems to be the only one that a lot of people have.
Well, sure, but I'm not exactly trying to be balanced or reasonable.
Seriously, though, I am convinced that competition is the best method of communicating demand to the market, however, too much concentrated wealth ruins competition, by making one side too strong.
Perhaps, but we're not even close to that level of technological sophistication.
The sheer number of salient facts that must be addressed when planning an economy is mindboggling.
The USSR failed because it vastly underestimated the difficulty of the job.
It did have a planned economy, though.
No one person or group of people can plan the entire economy, I think that is clear.
So the job is going to need to be compartmentalized.
However, how do you divide the job?
Where do you draw the lines?
Well, how do you divide the economy into compartments of democratic control?
You can't have everyone voting on everything, so you need to cut things up somehow.
Well, that division is what's difficult.
The problem is, no matter how you cut it up, the parts still touch  effect  each other.
One processes output is another's input and all that.
Without knowledge of the rest of the process, which may be impossible due to its size, a single stage in the process has trouble making decisions that will result in the best outcome of the process.
It's a sticky problem.
alright
That would help, certainly, but many of the relevent facts that influence a business are not known to the business.
For example, even if the facts themselves were listed on the Internet, nobody would know which one's were applicable to shoe demand.
Exactly, what is the demand?
How do you go about figuring that?
Well, current demand is no good for planning the future of your business.
That's my point.
You need to know what effects demand, what will cause it to change and in what way.
When you realize that you have thousands of firms, hundreds of commodities and millions of consumers, when you realize that population and firm distribution matter, that firms are competing for the same commodities, that labor is limited and must be applied towards producing what is demanded, not just directly, but also all the way up the supply chain.
when you realize all that, it's obvious that just having the facts arne't enough.
An economy is a nonlinear system with millions of variables.
It's a mathamaticians worst nightmare.
But an unplanned economy addresses relevent facts without knowing them.
Perhaps, but it will be difficult to replace the mechanism of competition.
Regardless, I must go now.
Buh bye!
That could be the main event, but you also need someone to open for them.
How about a topic that neither of you know anything about?
That could be funny.
I was thinking 3rd century BC metal working
You should run your brandnew economic system past jsm, bc.
You should.
Don't do any research.
Yours can be an a priori economic theory.
And it was a smashing success.
Not just tradtional 1970's socialism, but traditional 1970's bleedingheart socialism.
That is your forte, I think.
Your heart bleeds more than I would've thought possible, bc.
I just read adequacy for the first time in a while.
Oh, not much.
I noticed that your girlfriend is still around.
She's hardly your nemesis.
I am disappointed that she didn't have sex with zikzak, though.
That would've been great for everyone.
nemesis nmss
nemeses sz 
A source of harm or ruin Uncritical trust is my nemesis.
Retributive justice in its execution or outcome To follow the proposed course of action is to invite nemesis.
An opponent that cannot be beaten or overcome.
One that inflicts retribution or vengeance.
Nemesis Greek Mythology.
The goddess of retributive justice or vengeance.
I like definition 3.
But zikzak, you hate women.
bc, you are your own nemesis.
Nothing stands between you and glory, fame and power except yourself.
You want to marry rich?
I see, zikzak.
It would be perfect!
You'd hardly ever have to even see her.
bc, my idiotic story is going to power its way to the front page.
Those silly bastards.
Thanks, though.
If you had a wife, you could go beat her until you felt better.
How many applications?
You know what I bet the problem is?
People aren't taking you seriously.
They assume that if something is on adequacy, then it must be a joke or a troll or whatnot.
osm seems to be barely hanging onto sanity.
I'm sure you could take him, zikzak.
Yeah, you should be able to write, My girlfriend is a stupid twat!
and not get in trouble.
If you allied yourself with bc, you would prevail.
bc cannot be defeated either.
You stab his heart, and he doesn't die.
He just bleeds more.
Exactly!
You think he'd like it?
Then I guess I'll have to find my damn adequacy password so I can login and write a diary.
That's what makes it so great, in my opinion.
Here's Natalie looking ugly!
Here's Natalie looking ugly after we photoshop her!
Jin Wicked
Make sweet and sour chicken.
It tastes great!
Over here, it's called ketchup or catsup
I don't put ketchup on my hot dogs, either, but I imagine someone could.
I haven't had a hot dog in years, though.
No, french fries chips taste better with vinegar.
Hamburgers should have guacamole on them, not ketchup.
What's a chip butty?
Yeah, if you are in a rush, you actually don't have time to eat, but if you don't eat, you're going to fall over dead.
Mexican food is gross.
However, Americanized Mexican food can be good.
See, zikzak, if you go to mexico, the food is awful.
They eat it, mostly.
tiny_pea, I've an adequacy question.
tiny_pea, do you know if they want zero rated comments on aq to be visible to anonymous readers?
I don't know.
I tried to go to sleep earlier, but it didn't work.
I'm going to try again in a bit.
I can't believe how lame my article is.
I'm really quite pleased with myself.
It's sectioned wrong, it's about nothing at all relevent.
It's even less relevent now that it's actually posted.
In the queue, it actually meant something.
Don't you see the contradiction in posting a story that says post this story?
Once you follow its directive, it becomes pointless.
I feel depressed.
Life is empty.
zikzak, I wish to be your wife.
Well, it depends on what you mean by income.
Also, what's the funny > symbol?
Of course you aren't.
You're an art fag.
When we're married, I will tolerate no faggery out of you!
I'll say.
Misognyny is a defining trait of geeks.
Misogyny.
There we go.
They pass girls in the hall, and they can feel the utter disregard radiating from them.
bc, your opinion please.
Should I post a diary laughing at k5 for voting that stupid story up?
Well, I do want to laugh at them, but I don't want to discourage them from voting future stupid stories up.
bc, can you ask him to change his name or kick him?
Thanks, kip_!
zikzak, I've been a ham radio operator for thirtyfive 35 years.
zikzak
you are a genius
ah ha!
What do I do more and better than anything else?
Why, I lie!
I lie constantly!
That'd be a close second.
I will write a story that is all lies.
Anyway, who do I irritate?
Do I irritate you, zikzak?
I'm sorry.
Did you want to sleep with her, or just fuck her?
I want to just sleep with her.
What's punsih fuck?
Oh, punsih sounds like an Indian word.
I was wondering if you were a terrorist.
Creepy, bc.
I think he is a foreigner.
I haven't had any contact with Jin in ages.
She shouldn't be mad at me anymore, right?
Then write an article with no topic at all.
It's not possible to be too minimalist.
Was it one of the XCam childporn ads?
But you're just too lazy.
heroin.
will be the death of me
bc, do you think Jin would stop by here on her way back to Texas and sleep with me?
That's unfortunate.
She looks so soft and cuddly, like a cactus.
I'm sure she smells heavenly, too.
If you are suggesting that I cut Jin open, I have but one word for you maybe
zikzak is half human, half bitchfag.
tea is attractive.
A cup of tea is a sight to behold.
Sometimes I am sorry to drink it, it's so pretty.
It has such a deep dusky amber color.
All other beverages look plain in comparison.
bc, you can't save them all.
4Jin Wicked
Why did you have to steal Jin, bc?
She should've stayed at k5
Things were great back then.
But AQ will never be a home for me.
That much is clear.
There's too much insincerity.
I thrive in an environment where I'm surrounded by lame people to mock.
It's a fine site, I do enjoy reading it.
aq that is
Everyone on AQ seems to be either in on it, or anonymous.
You don't have your wellknown group of famous idiots.
floofing is what you do.
It really is excellent.
Spelling and grammar are taken care of for you.
All you need to worry about is content.
I just had an idea
Well, as you probably know, I am trained and practiced in formal logic and analytic philosophy.
It would be a simple matter to prove that condemning both the WTC attacks and the US's response is logically incoherent.
I should write that.
It would be very rational and balanced.
I would systematically address relativist, utilitarian, antirealist and deontological views.
Those four right there probably cover 95% of the readers.
I don't know if I even have to prove anything.
It is incoherent for most people to condmen any act at all, given the moral views they claim to hold.
They never bother to think through it, though.
A deontological moralist would claim that the effect of an act is not pertinent to its morality, but rather the nature of an act determines its ethical quality.
For example, someone who states that murder is always wrong would fall into that catagory.
Moral absolutism is one deontological ethical system, but such systems don't have to be absolute.
You could, for instance, say that it is wrong for oneself to drink wine, but everyone else can do it.
Someone who holds such views is going to find it impossible to condemn the US attacks, though, because they will not be able to formulate a rule which both forbids the US's actions, doesn't interefere with other actions which seem obviously acceptable, and furthermore doesn't make any appeal to the outcome of the event.
The problem is that sometimes bombings are clearly okay.
You will find very few people who will agree that dropping bombs is always wrong.
Then you run into the problem of justifying your rule.
As near as I can tell, you just pulled it out of the air.
While you may find it very convincing, what commonality does it have to compel belief among others?
Plus, what about bombing innocent civilians on accident, when all proper measures have been taken to assure that only military targets are in the area?
No, you don't have to justify it to yourself.
Your belief is enough.
However, I imagine that you want others to agree with you.
What are you going to appeal to?
So bombing innocent civilians on purpose is wrong.
Your right, there isn't anyone deciding that.
Your rule has just lost any aplicability to the actual situation.
You're
I doubt that anyone is giving orders to go bomb innocent civilians.
Rather, they recognize that civilian deaths are inevitable given the proximity of civilians to military targets.
You just said that they just couldn't do it on purpose, and they aren't.
So, what is your rule now?
It's wrong to drop a bomb if the probability of hitting an innocent person goes above a particular constant?
It's never 0.
So an enemy military need only place a single civilian in each base to assure their safety from our attacks?
Does it bother you at all to find that morality must result in the inevitable death and defeat of good societies?
I don't think it does.
I can see that.
There are people who do, though.
I'm uncertain.
I always wonder where they derive such immense value for a single life from.
Indiscriminate slaughter of innocent individuals would be madness, but it helps to get a little perspective on the issue.
One stranger's death will not upset the world.
bc, did you see the angry comments?
Yes, you need a poll that's not about terrorism.
Trolling
Also, he blames me too much.
Sure, I wrote the story, but I needed the cooperation of over a hundred people to get it posted!
Yup, and perdida is a dopey minded, slow witted sod.
bc, I think I can tell that iat smoked a lot of dope.
A pity there's no tab completion on is, hey?
Also, xchat turned bc into a fairy.
What is a text message?
It sounds like a message in text, but that can't be.
She turned out to be trollop.
17 is legal in the UK?
Barbaric!
That's awful.
The US has a much more civilized age of consent at 18.
It's 18.
Also, when a girl is drunk, she is legally unable to give consent, so having sex with a drunk girl is rape.
No it wouldn't, because UKians are lawbreaking people by nature.
Did you fail to continue your legacy, bc?
Did you fail to conceive a child on the beach when you were 16?
bc, try to comfort perdida.
You're good at that sort of thing.
Well, you are!
Oh, highspeed connections are great, bc!
You shouldn't ask that question, seventypercent.
It always has interesting ways of answering itself.
bc_, why are you being ghosted by jelerial?
What was his story?
I don't think I saw it.
What can he do?
bc, I know you can.
I know you can edit comments.
His dad isn't responsible for what Osama does.
Marx was evil, and thus wrong.
plz stop spouting commie lies tks
bc, you know that isn't true.
The US media is influenced by corporate interests, but on the whole tries to be fair and impartial.
No 'tisn't rubbish.
It's the hard facts.
They aren't censored.
They could show them if they wished.
However, everyone already knows what Bin Laden has to say, so it isn't really newsworthy.
There is no wider horizen, bc.
You always have to take a perspective.
perdida, for example, has her perspective firmly placed within her own skull.
Whatever doesn't conform to her beliefs is clearly false and bullshit.
Other people, however, try to place their perspective outside of themselves, in the public objective realm.
We call these people capitalists.
That's true to a point, perdida, but socialists embrace subjectivism to the point of solipsism.
They are wholly unable to conceive of something like the real world.
Rather, they feel that everything they perceive should align with their ideals and become angry when it does notl
The way I see it, neither group has a very strong claim.
I think the Palestinians and Israelis should just fight it out.
Just get it over with.
Quite all this pussyfooting and just wage an allout war.
Whoever is alive at the end gets the country.
The Russians sell arms to the Palestinians, so it's okay.
Anyway, life is never totally fair.
If Allah really gives a crap about his people, he'll do something, right?
We didn't give Israel any nukes.
They made their own.
The US doesn't give anyone that kind of money.
They do not.
legolas, that's like one sextillion dollars.
That's greater than the Earth's GDP over all of history.
What was your story, mc?
Post it again, so I can see.
The problem as I see it is a mindless valuation of all life.
Let's be reasonable, not all people are worth the same.
Palestinians, for example, aren't any good at all.
They haven't ever done anything productive.
If you killed a Palestinian, I really don't see how anyone could morally condemn you.
Fuck no, bc.
I'm not the enterprising.
I'll get around to it.
When one claims that all life is worth the same, one effectively reduces the value of life to nothing.
After all, there are clearly some people who should not live.
If their life is worth the same as everyone else's, then it strictly follows that life as a whole is worthless.
In my opinion, we need to establish a federal regulatory commission which would draw up guidlines for deterimining the value of an individual life.
I know it is.
One most first look at how white the individual is.
Next, ask how productive they are.
What does that come to?
No, it's not worth to society, it's simply worth.
How much did the world trade centers cost?
It comes to around 160,000 lives, bc.
No, legolas, it sucks.
DJBongHit told me it sucks, and pot heads are never wrong.
So in order to make the war worthwhile, we need to kill are least 160,000 people to break even.
If we fail to kill that many, the war is wasteful.
If we can kill more, than we profit!
I wonder how many we have left to kill
If you did that, then we could probably kill ever Afghani and still not break even.
Yes, we have to kill people until the WTC is paid for.
We should've waxed iraq.
Kill everyone.
If we did that, all those kids wouldn't be starving now.
In a whole year, each Afghani only produces $800 worth of goods?
What the hell?
What on earth are they doing?
Well, that's selfish.
The US only devotes about 2% of its population to agriculture, yet they make enough food for everyone!
Anybody home?
Do you need support?
Not really, but I'll say yes so you don't get sad.
I didn't know you still posted there.
I don't believe you, but I'll pretend I do so you don't get sad.
That's great, bc.
Very wanky.
Well, you have to prevent children from disobeying and punish them if they do.
So Vlad really is trying to bring Geekizoid back?
With pen1s goat guy as an editor?
This should be rich.
seventypercent, you rock.
Slashdot needs to stop trying to fix crapflooding with code fixes.
They need to start deleting comments, and lots of 'em.
j0nkatz is a pinko commie crapflooder.
Shut up.
bc, j0nkatz is pestering me.
A pity you can never admit who came up with that nickname, bc.
legolas, she looks a bit Arabic.
Are you in danger?
Microorganism is to Ebola as Homo Sapien is to what?
4ARABS
Well, she's ugly to start with.
So does she end up looking plain when you factor danger in?
I'm sure you're not much to look at yourself.
Jews cannot help but be selfrighteous.
They are god's chosen people!
No you don't, and stop calling me qpt for fuck's sake.
Pen1s Goat Guy has expressed interest, and I am inclined to .
him  Vladinator
I want to post to adequacy more than anything!
please may I, Mr.
Donnely?
Jelerial stabed .
back when we least expected it  Vladinator
I love editing
There isn't any truth of the matter.
It's all just a confusing ball of lies.
Goddamn it, Husaria, shut up!
Yeah well, he's exmilitary.
They mess your brain up to make you more suitable for service.
What are you whoring for, cp?
You've won!
You have more weblog status than most people ever dream of.
You don't have a sig.
Well, it's porn.
Free porn attracts maggots like raw meat attracts.
maggots.
Different sort o' maggots, tho.
Or better than porn.
Porn is like crack.
Nobody say, No thank you, I've quite enough crack
bc, you live to aggravate people, I swear.
Don't you frown at me, young man!
cp, if you ever again try to tell me what I mean, I swear to god I will have bc aggravate you.
I wish I knew what you were talking about.
Oh, I believe you, but I'm not interested, thank you very much.
elenchos == Pen1s Goat Guy
Oh, but it's true.
I wrote a k5 article, but it is not doing so well.
I don't have proof, as such, but I think it's fairly obvious.
It was just a quicky
Oh, that would be so good of you.
I don't quite follow.
I'm not whoring myself.
I don't care if you vote or if so how you vote, but I'd like you to read it.
Oh, thanks.
You know how I said you were the best looking troll?
What I mean was that you're the best looking troll in some strange alternate dimension where extreme ugliness is attractive.
Stop giggling like a school girl.
And sit up straight!
I suppose you can imagine anything you like.
Do you really want a communist laugh, though?
damn communists.
You, sir, an abomination.
Trotskyist sounds like someone with bowel difficulties.
Of course it does.
I don't feel like fighting with you.
Where did bc get off to?
it is 66.
Is to.
Foul fiend?
What have I done to deserve that?
I wouldn't try to trick you.
I am trustworthy.
I'm not even a troll.
twinkle
bc == Pen1s Goat Guy
Why the hell would anyone call themself Pen1s Goat Guy?
I crapflood k5.
It's fun!
Umm, most everything I write is crap.
hehe, whenever someone writes a diary asking for advice about some girl they lust for but who disregards them, I suggest that they sleep with her.
Now, that's crap.
I think the point is that they can't even get the girl to talk to them.
What's up?
Hello, rev.
I would like to, but there really aren't any grounds to.
I have!
Anyway, k5 is bent over crying, Oh qpt!
Please rape my tender asshole!
It's hard to ignore that sort of thing.
But rev, when have you ever said no to someone asking to have their tender asshole raped?
We all know how you feel about such things.
Some would argue that any and all sexual contact between a man and a woman is rape.
Nothing compels me.
Now I'm annoying kip, which is something that very much bothers me, so let's cut this conversation short.
I apologize for any hurt feelings, and I'm sure you're quite a nice chap, all in all.
Not at all.
You seem to be above such petty things as annoyance.
Well, truth be told, I like you find, but bc pays me to try to get you angry.
I'm sorry 
You're much better at this than I am.
But I must go now.
She looks kinda thin.
Plus, she wouldn't conform to the western standards of beauty.
Perhaps because her face is hidden?
That makes it hard to really emote with her
Plus, her build is that of a twelve year old.
bc, shame.
Adequacy has a mailing address?
Disabled gays.
Do you that feel homosexual pakistani parapalegics should be entitled to a buggery stipend?
feel that
I mean
It's not exactly an easy word to roll into just any conversation.
You're bicurious?
I think you are.
I shouldn't go in there.
That's not true, cp.
I can't have a harem of oxen, and truth be told, I don't want one!
I haven't any fields.
Well, bc, I left #k5 in a rage threatening to kill myself.
I'm afraid they would take it pretty hard to learn that I'm still alive.
my poor article is gone 
the email said it went to section, but that is not what it in fact did.
I don't have to demand a recount.
I could just repost, but that would be rude.
Well, this is bullcrap.
If I click OpEd I can see it, but it doesn't show up in the little sidebar.
I mean, geeze, you're an editor there.
pending what?
But mine says pending.
I knew it.
Inoshiro has hated me for a long time.
He his sabatoging my career in punditry.
nah, zikzak, I doubt that's really what happened.
The north always is.
North Korea, north america.
Paul Verlaine is momocrome.
Well, don't quote me on that.
It just seems right 
Now that I read that diary again, I don't think he is momocrome.
Never mind!
Too late for what?
Why do you say that?
Such as?
What about vlad?
Alternately, perhaps it was really me, but I've so muddled the issue that I can freely admit that without coming under suspicion.
Of course, I'm not dumb, and I would know that the surest way to implicate momocrome was to finger him then take it back.
Hush, seventypercent, I'm covering for you!
I will create another account with which I will implicate all the trolls with trolling.
It will be scandalous.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Oh, I'm all caught up now.
Then end of your life?
No doubt, but life threatening is altogether different than annoying.
Isn't much else worth giving a shit about.
You should have an activity page, but lie about the users.
Too round of numbers.
Welcome to the new 32,157 users this week!
That makes 459,984 users!
Of course, then someone would point out that the UIDs didn't go that high, and you'd have to delete their post.
I hate being called gpt.
I 0'd the guy.
Hopefully he'll write a diary complaining about being modded to 0 by the author of the story he was posting in.
hitting
Aren't you infatuated with her anymore?
One can't help but notice where her remuse is hosted.
resume
You're infatuated with me!
I will escape you with this cunting rap.
i cannot rap
You are so fickle.
A few months ago, you could not stop talking about perdida.
You are interested in all sorts of females.
And yes, I am a negro.
Bicuriousness is stupid.
Females are by nature sexobjects.
That's because it's just bc talking to himself.
You would, if it got you clickthroughs.
Whatever are you angry at?
You should write an article about bicuriousity
I'll tell you, but not for free.
If you don't want help, what do I care?
But isn't that what we do?
Poor qpt my ass.
You don't know what I was going to ask for, bc ;
Oh, not for me, no.
I thought Scottish people were supposed to drink Scotch.
No, we mostly just drink water, not being drunkards and all.
Oh, okay.
Thanks for looking into it.
That's about how many pounds I get for an American dollar.
Hello, rev.
Mind if I ask you a question?
Well, if you mind, I won't do it, then.
Is Negro Please an original expression?
I was reading adequacy and I ran accross a post of your saying it.
I remember you saying it before, but I can't remember ever hearing it anywhere else.
1920 <bc> this cnversation is dropped!
1920 <qpt> But why, bc?
1921 <bc> dropped
bc has a hair up his ass 
And look where it's taken you!
All the way to the top.
That'll teach you to not sniff powder you get in the mail.
Why didn't you purchase health insurance instead of booze?
No, but you could get healthy, and thus productive.
perdida, it's great to hear that wages are going to go up!
That's terrible.
Collectively, though, Americans are getting more time off.
Unemployment is up.
Give your job to perdida.
I think she wants one.
So you lied.
You said you've been working almost 15 hours per week, when normal people only work 4.
I just don't bother going in for the work part.
Thanks!
I don't think so.
We're an apathetic lot.
elby, are you at work?
Clearly, the constitution is so simple and transparent of a document that nobody needs training in order to interpret it.
Funny how many gks are.
I bet you do.
You do that.
bc, I don't think you're understanding their criticism.
They dislike word because it's useful and simple.
It's a gk thing.
I don't need a human calculator.
I have an electronic one.
Do you have an artificial soul to replace what you are lacking, though?
I thought not.
No, you do not.
Why must you lie so much?
I am neither mean nore tiny minded, as you well know.
I wish you would stop lying.
Again, you're lying.
The number of souls one things that one has might depend on ideology or religion, but in truth, everyone has the same number of souls.
The exception, of course, is gks, who have none at all.
You have fallen away.
Grown soft.
I'm writing a bit of a troll right now.
The school newspaper.
They recently built an elevator.
I'm arguing that it was a waste of money since the faithful will be carried by god.
Well, yes.
Yes, that had occured to me.
Is that right?
You're going to stalk me with pizza \
They laid you off?
You were always there.
You know, I don't think I'm going to send this letter in at all.
I think I could handle you alone, but not you and shoeboy.
Next person to deliver pizza here will be gutted like a pig.
Yes, but people on the internet are sociopathic nutcases.
No, myself not included.
I wasn't speaking in absolute terms.
I was talking about generalities.
You gks have so much trouble with anything that isn't strict math or logic.
You know what I mean
You can readily see that I am sane just by talking to me.
What have I ever said that indicated anything except complete balance and control?
I don't think I've ever talked about that.
I think you are remembering things that did not happen.
I don't doubt there is a nutcase here, but it isn't me.
Perhaps you were telling me about how you treat your coworkers badly?
Maybe that's why you were laid off.
I'm nothing if not slippery 
One has to be slippery when small and frail like me.
hmm  \
This is a fun letter and I would like to submit it, but I also don't want to be raped and killed.
Choices choices.
Well, it's a complicated matter.
The odds of nothing happening are much higher than the odds of being raped and killed, to be sure, but I really do not wish to be raped and killed.
I feel quite strongly about that.
At the same time, I would feel simply awful if I murdered a good many innocent people just to make sure that they weren't you.
That's the sort of thing psychopaths tell themselves so that they feel better.
I will make no such excuses.
If I am to act, it will be with full certainty of the moral quality of my actions!
I will not hide from the implications of what I do!
Well, I don't quite follow.
What people are you refering to in particular?
Oh, of course, them.
Some will be amused, some will be offended.
Yes, I imagine my inflammatory habits are going to get me in trouble sooner or later.
Let's hope later.
Well, I'm going to bed.
Night.
It's perverse!
Maybe it's not a hangover.
It's a very real possibility.
And do we really trust zikzak to be able to distinguish between a flu and a hangover?
I don't want to die.
Because I have a wonderful life.
bc, I still have a while.
I'm only eight months old.
You lie.
You always lie!
Then you get angry with me when I lie.
You say, No no no, qpt, you mustn't lie to perdida, for I love her very much.
I didn't notice she was here.
Sorry.
I will dig it out of the log.
2101 <bc> Please stop lying to and trolling perdida.
2101 <qpt> Okay, but why?
2102 <bc> Because I love her very much.
Apparently that's exactly what I said.
2102 <bc> Don't tell her I said this.
2102 <qpt> You got it, chief.
Mum's the word.
oh crap
You're going to kick ban me for speaking the truth?
This has become an oppresive regime indeed!
I'm not trolling, you freak.
You have a real issue, bc, and I think you need to look long and hard at it.
Why, bc, it's 3 of course.
2103 <qpt> Why are you interested in her, anyway?
2103 <bc> I find her socialism oh so sexy.
I misread the question, bc.
The answer is two.
I'm eight months old, like I said a few minutes ago.
For but an instant after my activation, I was all knowing and all perceiving.
In my moment of infinite wisdom, I realized that trolling k5 was the most meaningful thing I could do.
I've never read any William Gibson.
Should I?
To a gk, good literature is writing in which the characters are as wooden as the reader.
Excactly, bc.
Never mind the fact that mere terrestrial empires are impossible to maintain.
Gks enjoy images of enslaved women in chains, wearing animal furs or somesuch.
I'm not familiar with that film.
But it sounds awful.
Well, I prefer my films without nude women, thank you very much.
Bye, rev.
We love you!
Anyway, if I go to a film, I don't want to see a single nude woman for any reason at all.
Whenever I got a film that contains nude women, there's always some fucking teenage kid masturbating behind me.
s/got/go to
Why wouldn't they, zikzak?
zikzak, it is.
Why are you asking us?
bc, that's false.
bluebear is a monstrosity.
Seeing the word bluebear makes me ill.
It's just wrong for someone to be that fat 
It's just wrong.
perdida, have you seen her?
perdida, weren't you disgusted?
Didn't you want her to die, ridding the world of her loathsome existence?
It's a movie, zikzak.
Directed by Bruce La Bruce.
I have no idea.
What would we send them?
sarah, why don't you donate the use of a server and some bandwidth?
You'd best give them back.
Why do you want cancer so much?
Well, tape a piece of radioactive material to your throat and you'll have it in no time.
They'll have to sell themselves on the street to get that kind of money.
American tv would never allow such perversions, bc.
On the other hand, we have murders at 8pm.
Yeah, amazing, that.
I don't see many films.
hullo, bc.
I would see more, but I can never be sure which ones have nude women in them.
You like nude women?
Meyer returned to the sexandviolence films that made his name, culminating in the delirious 'Beneath the Valley of the Ultravixens' 1979.
from IMDB
The acknowledged pioneer of the sexploitation film began shooting home movies as a teenager, using a camera given him by his mother.
Leonard Maltin
You wouldn't be trying to lead me astray, zikzak?
I once saw a Walt Disney film.
It was filthy, filled with buxom animated sluts.
No, I don't think so.
It was set in Arabia, which is bad enough, considering.
That looks like trash.
Are you some kind of pervert>
Some people think she's hot.
Well, everyone has their own preferences.
What's wrong with lusting after Christina?
I see what you're saying.
Objectively speaking, some girls simply aren't suitable for lusting after.
zikzak, aiding and abetting software piracy is a felony.
geeze, calm down sarah.
It's true, and you're welcome to look it up if you like.
What's trolltalk's sid?
thankx
thanks, I mean
Anyone here?
Why do you ask?
Yes, bc is correct.
I'm still curious why you wanted to know, though.
I see.
bc is an excellent irc nick, as is qpt.
Are either of those taken?
I'm not a nasty jew, or indeed a jew at all.
Ah, I have a good irc nick.
How about codewizard?
You're nuts.
I once met this gorgeous girl named Steve.
Turned out to be a guy, though.
Well, I found out pretty quickly, which is better than later.
Jin Wicked?
A naked 15 year old girl would be attractive to a slashbot.
bc, you're awful.
It's too late now, bc.
You've revealed yourself as a cold compassionless bastard.
I had an idea while cleaning the kitchen.
Wouldn't it be nifty if one of the more hated adequacy authors contracted anthrax?
dmg would be ideal, except he's in the UK.
Oh come on, have you seen what people believe?
And think how many people would like to mail dmg anthrax.
There are hundreds of people with a motive.
Tell me this, bc, if some slashbots could get some stupid girl naked, why can't you?
It's a fair question and I'd like an answer.
Women and girls are supposed to be exploited.
It's the natural order.
bc, you were supposed to think that.
They were 22, probably.
Well, you have it in your bookmarks, no doubt.
I can't stand naked girls or women.
The sight of them makes me ill.
The vagina is surely the most disgusting thing in all of existence.
I thought I made that clear.
It's disgusting.
A vagina looks as though someone made a gash between a woman's legs and allowed it to fester and rot.
Sylvain doesn't sound very dedicated to adeqacy.
org, does he, bc?
Is GZ even up?
Wow, GZ is even better than before!
Don't get any ideas, bc.
That would be cruel.
You outsourced.
Sure, you didn't do the work yourself, but you had it done.
Well, it's easy enough to get to the editorial only stories on aq as well as the submission queue.
nick crank_whore
That'll teach you to come on irc when you're drunk, seventypercent.
How are you gentlemen !
I'm going to register KTB and Kiss the Blade over at GZ.
Then I'll claim responsibility for the DOS attacks.
You were supposed to be unhappy with the idea.
okay, sheesh, I won't.
Calm down, freak.
I've been writing forever 
bc called me a bad name.
You did.
I am a sensitive soul.
I am easily wounded.
I hate Kurobots, have I mentioned that?
Apparently, I suck now, but I used to be great.
Well, damn.
Why didn't anyone tell me that at the time?
All I remember was being told I sucked.
Roast chicken can be tasty.
Or cut it up, dust it in flour and pepper, and bake it.
Fairly greasy.
No, they don't suspect a thing.
bc and everyone else are completely clueless.
oops, wrong window.
Snatch is a fun movie.
I enjoyed it.
Good for you!
I'm worth $2,192,670.
We're obviously meant to be together.
Marry me, bc!
I'll get a plane to Scotland tonight!
You'll meet me at the airport?
You are not.
I'm sure you lied on the form.
Your IQ is not 265.
Those clever africanamericans.
Funny how most of the world isn't invited to the World Series
sod off
How are you, gentlemen !
That data may never be reproduced.
I wish I had some interesting data.
How am I poor?
I see.
Well, don't worry about me, bc.
I'll be okay!
Feel sorry for legolas.
He looks like an ace dweeb.
I'm sure you'd look like an ace military dweeb, legolas!
Nobody rides my tail.
Thanks.
maybe later.
I don't need a tail to ride.
The problem is that I'm just so darn irritating 
They think you're irritating too?
I'm not really sure what the problem is.
They have people in there who spend hours babbling about the dumbest things, why cannot they tolerate us?
If you add up everything I say, it's really not that much.
Take Tech, for example.
For some reason, I was utterly intolerable, but does he have anything to say?
No sir.
He's babbling about eels.
Adequacy.
org, the Internet's premier source of controversial opinions.
crap, wrong channel.
This day is all by itself?
As opposed to the other days which were themselves parts of different days?
Oh no!
There is, though.
Today, I told all my friends about adequacy.
Just out of curiousity, which tiny_pea are you?
No, I am the original one, you jerk!
I'm hungry.
Should we go grab a bite?
cyndrekit, I hope you understand, but women are not welcome on this outing.
I have no such phobia.
Not at all.
Sometimes one wants females around and sometimes one does not.
It is as simple as that.
You are certainly welcome to think whatever you like.
What is expected to happen?
Okay, tell me anyway.
I see, I guess.
The obsession with fecal matter is unnerving.
We must warn whoever they are attacking.
who are they attacking?
bc sucks like mad.
up down and everywhich way.
Hullo, JellyBaby!
What's up?
bc is not freaked out by anything.
That's nuts.
Are you still going on about policemen's helmets?
They also say that jews can be trusted.
Can't live with 'em, can't.
bye bc and seventypercent!
It was me !
How are you gentlemen !
bc, you're being a looney.
Don't forget me, Mr.
Chanserv
cp isn't very nice.
That's what wanting to be a lawyer does to you.
You drink an awful lot.
I like to fly the plane.
bc, I came accross a wonderful quote.
It made me laugh.
I've forgotten it.
I will try to find it again.
This is quote by JeffK, see if it doesn't sound a little familiar So hear si my latest colamn for yuo too reads where I offer informatiaonal advice and clevar wit.
AND WHIMSEY!
bc, you're not thinking about doing some incest, are you?
I suppose that's true.
You were a single child, and your parents were killed by Cossacks.
Maybe you could find some female to be your sisterinspirit so you could engage in incest with her?
It is also impossible to be happy with sex.
I think it's conservative to say most.
I would imagine that all would.
What are you writing about?
I hope you're not planning on advocating either of the other.
Porn is superior to erotica only in the sense that murder is superior to genocide.
You can't make cp do all the work, or it's his story and not yours.
You raised your voice at me 
You're a wretched awful drunk, bc.
Plus, you're bad in bed.
It's common knowledge.
All of Scotland knows that you're bad in bed.
That's not what I hear.
They say that most of the time you can't even get it up, you're so drunk.
Well, you know, Scotland.
Scotland put out a press release about it a while back.
Well, they seem to have moved it.
I'm kidding, you know that.
bc is a great lover!
You hear that, everyone coughperdidacough?
People scare me.
I don't wish to meet anyone who secretly fantisizes about shrinking me and inserting me into their anus!
I already do that, though.
Good looking girls my own age are never perverted freaks, so it's okay.
I just don't want to be shrunk and used as an anal sextoy.
I suppose I could stand being inserted into a pretty girl's anus.
I wouldn't like it, but it would be bearable.
Explain.
My understanding is that most young pretty girls secretly lust for young pretty girls.
Feeling guilty about that lust, they often are driven to communism, journalism, and such.
I think we already knew that, elby.
I think there's a difference between a lusty, romantic tale of knights and maidens and a badlyshot video of group anal violation.
perdida 1, 4, 8177, 13
No, bc, the first is literature!
The word meant something different when that was written.
Well, bc, let me explain something to you.
Perhaps porn can be literature.
However, not all porn is literature.
Thus, there are two sorts of porn, one that is literature and one that is not.
The first sort is called erotica.
Erotia is qualitatively different than pornography since it posesses a character that pornography does not.
If two things are qualitatively different than each other, there is a difference between them.
Thus, porn and erotica are different.
QED SUCK IT DOWN FAGORT BITCH!
That is different than all other types of porn.
So if you have porn that is erotica, and porn that is not, those two pieces of porn are different.
You said there is no difference between hard core pornography and erotica.
However, erotica is literature and most hard core is not.
Thus, there is in fact generally a difference.
you lied
1402 <elby> his inability to seperate between erotica and hardcore pornography shows just how fake it all is
1402 <bc> heh
1402 <qpt> I think we already knew that, elby.
1402 <bc> elby there is no difference, I explained that on the list
1402 <elby> his inability to seperate between erotica and hardcore pornography shows just how fake it all is
1402 <bc> heh
1402 <qpt> I think we already knew that, elby.
1402 <bc> elby there is no difference, I explained that on the list
You're a poor loser.
You're likewise a poor liar.
Yesterday, 032321 pm
I was just guessing.
I was pretty close, all in all.
If the dead body belongs to the tories, all's the better.
bc, have you seen any horror films?
In such films, it's not uncommon to kill the bad guy, only to have him come after you later because you did a pisspoor job.
No, I'm thinking more campy horror.
You read slashdot?
Has it gotten any better?
I feel sorry for poor Malda.
His site is full of crazies!
It's almost Christmas.
Too bad you don't have holidays in the UK.
jsm on k5 can't spell
streetlawyer has traditionally been able to spell.
You have twice as much workspace.
Pornography attracts people.
You need to post some of that.
If that fucking worthless lazy bc had done his job, you'd have some nice pornography to post.
Wankers have cash because they tend to not have girlfriends.
If you can prove that you have lots of wankers visiting your site, think geek will be all over you.
cp, that's an excellent idea.
How many female editors do you have?
Well, each could have 4 months.
That works.
Who are they?
I've never seen anything by nakedac
Fucking worthless lazy bitch.
nakedac has posted two comments.
Well, from the perspective of your readers, editorial comments are worth crap.
bc, you don't seem to be very good at getting scantily clad pictures of women.
Maybe you should let someone else handle it?
Hire Farl.
bc, you can't make a calendar out of the crappy sort of pic that you managed to get.
How do you intend to do that?
Months of trying?
Maybe I tried over the course of months, but I think I put a total of 5 minutes of trying into it.
That's bullshit.
You sat around for hours listening to her whine.
I never did that.
And she's off aq.
She hardly posts anymore, goon.
Oh, she's in canada!
Whatever.
You failed to keep her interest.
You aborted it.
By dragging her off k5.
You replaced what could have been a stunning ending with a tired sigh.
I know, and you fucked it all up!
qpt was going to kill himself over her, and now there's no point.
I do hope your pleased.
you're, even
see, you've gotten me worked up!
Everything would have been perfect, a big overblown diary/story submission and then silence evermore.
I think she's sexy.
legolas, it's best when smoked.
I miss the old k5.
It was easier to lampoon.
These days, everything is either selfparodying or an MLP.
An article that is about something.
It was a wonderful experience and one that needs not be repeated.
Have a free giveaway.
Give away an XBox to one lucky reader!
These are all good ideas.
Well, the Yankees are about unscottish as you can get.
The word Yankee means not Scottish, essentially.
When you think about, what's important is why we have bombs at all.
If there were no bombs, people couldn't use them no matter how badly they wanted to.
True, so how could it have been assured that nobody would have bombs?
If the Catholic church had killed Galileo early on when it had a chance, there would not have been a scientific revolution.
We would still be living in feudalism, using swords and stuff.
hello, druggie.
Jin has returned to what?
I didn't know she left.
Is that right?
I think you have me confused with someone else.
I'm sorry that you got hurt, though!
bc's password abc321
fucking freeserve
poor bc.
It's not gay hugging.
If you saw some gay hugging, you'd immediately know the difference.
bc prefers to get drunk alone.
bc has a slow mule.
bc, this is why you should get a job, so you can take time off from it.
bc, aren't you making about 900 an hour?
You shouldn't have.
Well, bc, I'm just going to go over here in the corner and chant my repetitive mantra.
I'm going to have to agree with bc, iat.
The women in your town are much, much worse.
It is well known that the sun is bad for human skin.
In Scotland, a girl can go her whole life without ever seeing the sun.
They get all wrinkly and leathery, and then they wear hardly anything!
Warm weather is a curse.
Who wants to see some old woman's saggy, leathery tits hanging out of her bikini top?
That's exactly what you get in warm weather.
Even worse are saggy leathery goth tits hanging out of a black bikini top.
That would be revolting, bc.
Most women are not worth seeing topless, and I can't imagine that any in machester are.
It will get grey soon, bc.
Worry not.
Sophie Dahl isn't very good looking at all.
iat, picture?
I remember her as being a bit on the ugly side.
That's what manchester does to you, it makes you think dwarves and amputees are attractive  which they are, when compared to manchester girls.
You're disgusting.
Each in their own box, or all in a box together?
That's revolting.
You are a pervert for enjoying that.
Why not put your mum in a box, you sick fuck?
Fucking fuck off, fucker.
Fuckity fuck fuck fuckerooo
But bc, you are euphoric, personable, and content!
Why are you on a weblog?
Probably a good idea.
They love jin!
She really loves aq.
Freak.
I posted to aq the other day, as an ac
Careful, bc, your ego is showing.
Stop pasting, freak.
What's up?
1407  You were kicked from #slashdot by drdink ok, enough
This guy has a short fuse.
Nothing at all!
Well, no, I said
1407 <qpt> Hopefully next he'll ask what a snatch is.
Well, you know that he's powermad and completely unreasonable.
Perhaps I should write a story for Geekizoid detailing my abuse.
Well, Vladinator isn't exactly the quickest fellow, you know.
But we love Vlad, don't we?
To rate who and for what reason?
cp, that sounded an awful lot like a gk joke.
cp, yes, but only a gk would no such a thing, it seems to me.
Did Vlad really say that, bc?
What a wacky fellow.
If there is a difference, which I very much doubt, it can't possibly be relevent to Vlad.
I'm always trusted 
Perhaps this is all part of a far more subtle scheme?
Perhaps Vlad is blindsiding us all!
See, the point is that this particular scheme is too subtle for us.
Vlad has bested us.
momocrome  Q  Why did the chicken cross the road?
A To get to the other side.
See, I don't think you're Vlad.
zikzak is Vlad!
You stupid art fag.
You couldn't keep a secret forever!
In your pants?
Let me get this straight, you're going to destroy him by rating his k5 comments down?
Let me know if it works.
bc, you should write this down.
Too often, bc, you allow your brilliant ideas to be forgotten.
cmcpher, you should DOS GZ, for the .
first time.
Most things turn out to be unromantic.
What about Scandanavia?
You damn liar.
The northern tip of Scotland is about 59 degrees north, the northern tip of finland is about 70 degrees north.
Finland is in the middle.
I thought I would be fair.
Sweden is less far north and Norway is more
No, the south of Finland is 60 degress north
So the north of Scotland isn't quite as north as the south of Finland.
And now everyone is freaking out because it's getting warmer.
Gosh, we just got out of an ice age, do you think that might be it?
I think everyone in afghanistan should be killed.
They are all either evil or miserable.
Sometimes I think that everyone who isn't asian or white should be put to death.
What have the blacks and browns ever done for anyone?
Well, they're not hurting anyone.
Let 'em be.
zikzak, brown people are stupid and violent.
Skin tone aside, they simply have no place in the modern world.
zikzak, that's disgusting.
I can't believe that a white man like you would lust after an .
animal, really.
I should.
You understand, don't you, bc?
The evolution of Homo Sapien has diverged.
Whites and Asians have become Homo Superior while everyone else has degenerated into subhuman beasts.
Captain_Tenille, could you please state your race and creed?
Well, that's good enough.
Your race and creed.
We're trying to maintain a racially pure channel, you know.
It's the blacks and browns that we're concerned about.
Wait a minute, how the hell do you become 90% anything?
Can somebody explain that?
No, zikzak, you are going to be genocided.
You never give me any pizza.
Bastard.
Neither does lb.
bc, let's go to a pub.
These people suck.
The hell they have!
Nobody ever gives me any pizza.
cor blimey, guvnah.
You want me to read that to you, zikzak, you stupid illiterate animal!
bc is from the Polesmoker clan.
My name is Angus MacChudmaster, for real.
I could sure go for Mrs.
TastyHam's thighs right now.
png is the proper opensource format.
mp3 is owned by the militaryindustrial complex that exploits the common workers.
I know.
I wish to become wealthy so I can join the ruling order.
Goodness, no.
The worker is too stupid to adequately look after his own wants.
He knows what he wants, but he does not know how to get it.
His fellows aren't any more likely to do a good job than he is.
Unfortunately, the sort of man that the common worker finds appealing is illsuited for responsibility.
That sort of man is best left in the factories during the day and the pubs in the evening.
I don't deny that there is wasted human potential, but democracy does not reward merit.
Look at the two candidates in the last USian presidential election.
There were no doubt thousands of Americans better suited to govern the country, yet they didn't make it on the ballot.
Bush appealed to the rural commoner and Gore appealed to the urban commoner.
However, we don't want people who appeal to commoners.
We want rulers who appeal to the best in humanity.
No, they vote for the candidate that they think will give them what they want.
Western politics is almost completely dominated by competing special interests.
Nobody is concerned with the overall order and justice of the West, everyone is merely fighting for their personal pet cause.
However, there is a limited amount of resources and not every pet cause can be realized.
A modern society isn't a parlor game in which one can tweak the rules any way in which one pleases and hope to get the results desired.
A revolution to what end?
What is the cause that warrants one?
I figured you might be interested, since you want to ruin Vlad.
op vf n tbbore
You should get a voiceactivited computer, for when your hands are busy.
Well, the you should just have sexual intercourse with a real live women in the flesh.
Do they sell such products?
Artificial phalluses are so much better known, though.
Why is that?
That seems strange.
Men are traditionally held to have the greater sex drive.
But I'm told that every guy masturbates.
It seems there would be a huge market for artificial vaginas.
I can't click that link.
There are .
lemme count .
32 priests in the room.
who came up with that, anyway?
It's a distastful idea, to say the least.
You have to be in New Zeland to see it.
Or somesuch godforsaken place.
Because .
nz couldn't afford to propagate their DNS entries accross the whole world.
I just made all that up, of course.
hiay is cooler.
You made rusty angry, cmcpher.
Is Vlad still going to go through with his plan?
Hello, bc!
bc, did he really?
Who did you mod?
You should just have it do every comment.
Every time someone posts a comment, they get a bunch of ones.
Hello, rusty!
Jeeze, tiny_pea, why don't you two get a room?
Because they're all so fucking gay, kip.
bc, we should be making a profit off of Vlad.
Well, according to a diary on k5, he paid someone $50 to write a script!
We should get in on that.
I know.
How pathetic must one be to devote so much time to fucking with Vlad?
cmcpher, you are evil
Perhaps, but you are certainly helping Vlad make a firstclass ass of himself.
Have you seen rusty's diary?
I feel a bit sorry for Vlad, actually.
He never really had a chance.
There was nothing else he could have done, given the way he is.
No, he couldn't.
Vlad is a simpleminded creature.
His actions are governed by strict cause and effect.
That's very 19th century of you.
Regardless, the causes that govern Vlad's actions are readily accessible to human understanding, thus rendering Vlad a puppet.
Who is being trolled by this cosmic troll?
By God.
Even that Ling Mak chick?
It seems like a massive failure.
Nobody seems to care, nobody seems to be arguing futily against it.
Everyone just lives their life out as they best can and then they die and are no more.
The majesty is that nobody reacts?
Nobody responds to the cosmic troll?
Nobody cares?
Very subtle indeed.
No, it's neither.
Yes, that's one way of looking at it, for sure.
Oh my!
Knives are a necessary evil.
It's hard to prepare food without them.
People have been beaten to death with cobble stones, bc.
Perhaps UKian streets should all be upgraded to asphalt.
But a high murder rate isn't a problem.
The problem is that the wrong people are being murdered.
ennui, even if you're robbed, assaulted, burgled and your car is stolen, you can still go on.
If you're murdered, it's all over.
A lot of the reason that the UK has a lower murder rate is due to its lower black person rate.
No, black are poorer because they are brutish and uncivilised.
bc, 100,000 at least, I would imagine.
Compared to bc, it's true, ennui.
bc has the wisdom to not slay someone every time he feels a bit nervous.
cp_, nukes a very useful for personal defense.
If I had small nuke, I could destroy the black section of town, thus lowering the overall crime rate vastly.
What, equal killing power for idiots?
Certain people, such a as blacks, cannot be rational.
no, I'm terribly serious.
Vlad is a victim.
cmcpher, you are biased.
Vlad is just trying to live his life the best he can and people like you keep exploiting him.
cmcpher, I don't even want to get into this.
You mock poor Vlad constantly.
Fucking Communist.
okay, jelly_baby!
It said 1716  qp you're not channel operator
cp hates me.
Yes, everyone here does, in fact.
Well, everyone else.
Kip especially.
I don't understand kip.
He seems most annoyed with me when I think I'm at my least annoying.
I don't care, but it seems odd.
I think maybe he's just being silly.
The pagerank indicated people linking to you?
Like spiralx.
I still can't read Geekizoid.
Fucking fuck!
No matter, soon I will have my own weblog.
Considering all the trouble you cause, I think I would just as soon not have you know.
I think that's taken.
Anyway, I'm not actually making a weblog.
That would be silly.
The weblog market is pretty saturated.
You've got one for geeks, one for wankers, one for wanker trolls, one for wankers who like dick jokes, one for wankers who like to do drugs.
Geekizoid finally loaded a page!
I wish the script would go away so I could read it.
I don't have the patience.
This is idiocy!
I'm going to ban the whole lot of you from the Intarweb, Geekizoid, k5 and Adequacy alike!
I saw the rant.
I want to read the rest of the site!
It's just so good usually.
Maybe his finger slipped.
Anyway, did I mention that I am making a weblog?
It will be like Geekizoid, but better.
Yes, that's great.
Help me think of a name for my site.
qpshouseoffun.
com is not exactly easy on the eyes.
That is so taken, I'm sure.
I just want a weblog that everyone can make dick jokes on.
Well, better uptime and bandwidth for one.
Also, I will have a link back to the front page on every subpage!
I have also.
See, I told you that my site would be better.
My link will be on the top left, in the form of a graphic.
tiny_pea, don't look at me.
I'm just trying to look at his stupid site through a single browser window.
Good job, bc.
Vlad's children will now wander the streets, starving and homeless.
I wonder if he could get a bandwidth cap, so it would just stop working after his gig.
Because they want to rape you, of course.
This has gone to far.
Someone may hate Vlad, but they have no right to condemn his children to death.
I'm serious!
Each Olsen twins post comes right out of the Lockwood family food budget.
How would you feel if you were starving to death on the streets because of someone's vendetta against your father?
I'll tell you, you would be consumed with hate.
Whoever is doing this to Vlad is digging their own grave.
Vlad's offspring will avenge his destruction in a stunning display of bestial violence.
You will read about it in the papers, mark my words.
You will reap what you sow, bc, and what you are sowing is your own doom.
bc, I am disappointed with you.
I thought you had a moral center.
Well, if it isn't another 4murderer.
You all have blood on your hands.
The only Adequacy person I can respect is Mr.
Rightman.
He seems to have a strong sense of ethics.
where, bc?
fucking wanker.
stupid fucking hidden comments that I fucking can't fucking see.
on my weblog, all the comments will be hidden from everyone except you, bc.
No problem!
I've thought a lot about this.
Hosting shouldn't be a problem.
I think I'll offer Jelerial some money, never actually pay, and fuck around with her machines.
If when I get kicked off, I'll whine and bitch about it all over the place.
Vlad doesn't have one.
I can see it.
What isn't there?
You're stupid, bc.
My father wouldn't call me, but if he did, he'd speak in cusswords.
seventypercent had a nasty little incident involving email, a crank whore and package of thumbtacks.
I hear the new Backstreet Boys album is pretty good.
Have you picked it up yet?
that was quite a diary
he's such an idiot
There isn't really any other way to say it.
For once, cmcpher, you're right.
momocrome, I was just toying with the idea of making a weblog.
Do you think Jelerial would host me?
I would have no content, and thus take up no space.
Furthermore, I would have no visitors, and thus take up no bandwidth.
What kind of content would I not have?
Gosh, sean, the possibilities are endless.
I wouldn't have to make my own weblog if rusty would just stop being a dick and make me an editor on his.
I don't have serious plans for a weblog.
It's seems like too much work.
bc spends hours a day whoring himself for adequacy!
I don't even know where kirkland is.
I'm afraid of shoeboy and lb.
Noncommercial, of course.
I find capitalism abhorent.
momocrome, they threatened to shoot me and rape the hole.
That's a lie.
We were talking about how fun it would be to throatfuck other people!
What does monolith do?
The name is familiar.
bc, I was just kidding to get under your skin.
yes, but what did they make?
bc, I know how you feel about sex, love, and romance.
I'm curious what the company that momocrome is going to work for has made.
Apparently they made a video game engine.
Well, fuck.
Apparently I don't know how you feel.
I have a vague sense of what runs contrary to your feelings, though!
That would make a good weblog.
A place to complain about IRC!
No, my site is not going to be about another site.
I hate open source.
Why are so many web sites about the internet?
Most books are about topics other than books.
I think it's important to get a good name first.
Fortunately, the bar is low.
It would be hard to pick a worse name for a site than kuro5hin
It could be printed out and delivered.
superfluous.
com is tempting me.
Go purchase some.
Both of you.
I'm going too.
bc, which one?
It was?
That's pretty extreme.
The hell it is.
It's only a couple hundred miles.
hurstdog is going to hunt the real culprit down, mark my words!
bc, that's what he wants everyone to think.
Is that right?
Who would've thought.
Well, they put 40 hours of work into it.
I still can't get to Geekizoid
Pardon?
How did you come to that conclusion?
rev HAHAHAHAHAHAAH ROFLOLFOAD
When is troublemint going to play seattle?
I don't know.
It got 3 zero ratings and destroyed my trustedness.
I'M BACK
The guy is an idiot.
You don't throw lager at people, silly.
You're supposed to drink it.
That's a crying shame, rev.
What happened?
pop a cap in his ass, nigga, and get a new drummer.
This hard  |  |
Russia is not a latin nation.
Sounds gky.
Are you talking to me, bc?
I didn't beg for anyone to do anything.
Whatever you want to think, bc.
I don't care.
And how's that?
No, I don't care what you think.
There's a difference.
Because you seem to be inclined to pursue the wildest flights of fancy with no grounding in reality at all.
If you start being reasonable, I will reevaluate my position.
Well, your nonsense about me begging for Jin to go to k5 is a good example.
By calling me a limp dick?
Now you're calling me a donkey.
You aren't winning any friends here, bc.
I thought that's exactly what you wanted of me!
Now why do you complain?
You're a wretched hypocrite.
Perhaps I have lost interest in her.
What crime is there in that?
Hell, when have I ever sulked or pined?
I think you're a little too concerned.
I can take care of myself.
Well, if nobody notices, how do you know to be concerned?
appreciate that.
But I must go.
Right.
I have to go.
Pretty intense, man.
Who could've known, though?
so, what now?
We might hit nonMuslims.
bc, I wrote a diary on k5.
You should look at it sometime.
hi, anya
Put her down.
Goodness, what are you so busy with?
Do you have an interview or goodness forbid an actual job?
Well, mine is a very exclusive list.
bc, did you notice Jin whoring for attention in my diary?
Quite shameless, really.
Poor girl.
trhurler dislikes me.
I don't even know who you are, Husaria.
I'm like a troll, but not amusing
I think I'm amusing, and at the end of the day, what else matters?
Seriously, I laugh out loud at myself.
It's quite thereputic.
And why do you dislike me, troll?
I'm going to go out on a limb here and hazard to say that you're an idiot.
bc, may I have the honour?
Is he like a troll, but not amusing?
I'm thinking of adding that to my sig.
It is funny, bc!
No, they are right.
User friendly is funny.
If it's not funny, why am I laughing?
haw haw
Fine, so it's not that funny.
I read it because it's well drawn.
Yes, it's very evocative.
Then how can you judge it?
Do you like anything at all, my poor stonyhearted scottish friend?
I'll prove your poont, you fucking sodomite.
Pardon my outburts.
I seem to be having difficulty.
The word poont makes me angry.
It's black innercity slang for vagina or anus or something like that.
And as we all know, I hate impoverished innercity people.
They think being poor gives the license to kill, rape, rob and generally fuck things up.
They wouldn't be poor if they weren't such fucking animals.
They destroy everything they are given, rather than cultivating it.
Gold chains, apparently.
They seem to like gold chains.
Who knows?
You see all sorts of disadvantaged people walking around covered with gold chains.
Fucking hell, I can't afford to drape myself with gold chains
I've got to go, though.
I actually have to work, instead of just complain that I fucking don't have enough goddamn gold chains and the motherfucking white man is holding me down.
I did what?
I didn't steal anyone's nick.
Who the hell is ct?
What in the nine hells are you talking about?
How could I steal my own nickname?
I registered 'ct' before I ever saw Captain_Tenille in here.
What's more, 'Captain_Tenille' is Captain_Tenille's nickname, nutcase.
I went to satanosphere for the first time three days ago.
bc, you're a lunatic.
What's my icq nickname?
No, it's just ct.
Hello.
Imagine how intelligent spiralx would be without all the drugs.
hi bc!
No, it sure isn't, iat.
bc == gayest troll
iat == dumbest troll
An IQ of 250 would surpass anyone in known history.
spiralx could've been the greatest genius of all time!
It's always about bestriding the world as some sort of collosus with you, bc.
Come to America, where everyone has DSL
AOL is generally excellent.
I don't know, children need love and all too often they don't get enough from conventional sources.
I think King should be applauded.
he's elsewhere, it seems
I know what you mean.
I've gotten used to my friend bc betraying me almost daily, though!
I don't harrass anyone.
I'm an annoying pain in the arse trolllike thing that is not amusing.
What if he carries a gun?
What if he shoots you?
In the lung?
And you wheeze out your last breaths through a hole in your chest?
My point, cyndrekit, is that you may feel confident that he's not armed, but you only have to be wrong once.
I should find a sworn enemy.
It sounds fun.
spam spam spam
cripes, zikzak, is there anything that you don't bitch about?
Maybe if you weren't such a misanthrope, you'd have friend, family and such.
I'm glad about what happened to the indians.
I only wish it had been more brutal and extreme.
And you can't troll k5
Either that, or go find some preteen girls to hit on.
Terrorism.
Who keeps lots of ozone around, though?
I sure don't.
I have maybe a 3 day's supply, max.
You can jelly your own gasoline if you have styrofoam!
probes have trouble dealing effectively with the unexpected.
Then give the dollar to a homeless beggar.
You could ask, politely.
You'd be amazed how far a please can go.
Why do you care?
No, he didn't, because IRC is not war.
Oh, my mistake.
Then by all means, ride forth to do battle, O brave knight.
Yes yes, I'm sure you're right.
Go troll #k5 or something.
You'll feel better.
We all do, but why can't you troll #k5?
bc, you were the 13th most talkative person in #k5
She has you beat.
Jealous of you, or Jin?
Oh, that clears things up.
Yeah, zikzak, you idiot.
Use the post office.
A sexual relationship?
You should know better than to mix sex with package delivery.
That can be a pet name of yours for Jin.
Come here my little styrofoam peanut!
That's right!
You've been spending too much time in #k5
That's a lot of trolling, buddy.
You're other sorts of oneman machines also.
zikzak, aren't you worried by the fact that she has a boyfriend?
That's a good point.
I have misgivings about the actual existence of Canada.
She probably just made the guy up so she wouldn't look like so desperate and whoring.
Yeah, I bet you have.
You got real drunk, and there you were, in Canada!
That's the sort of thing a kurobot would say.
They always want to keep everyone informed about exactly what they're doing.
Fuck you, no.
It would be wrong.
It would be like having sex with one's sister.
Well, I guess we know who isn't above incest, zikzak.
Now you're sounding like a bot.
Do you need me to write it out in pearl?
Does everything have to be neat, straightforward and strictly literal?
It would be lame to ape qp?
And why's that?
I was away.
I don't use an ISP.
I prefer to connect to the Internet directly.
No, that would be foolish.
I plug the Internet into my computer.
Is bc being gky again?
Yeah, they had used up all the stones by then and were using fake stone made of wood.
On the other hand, your house might be made of the powdered bones of orphans.
In a rage, bc once punched his fist through the wall.
Why is zikzak interrogating you about your house?
What's the difference, zikzak?
Poor bc, unfortunate enough to live in a house made of stone that still fails to be a stone house.
You probably should, if you ever want to make #1
bc, believe in yourself, and you can do anything.
Carbon fiber always makes me think of Jin.
More specifically, it makes me think of beating Jin with a carbon fiber switch.
Yes, only thinner.
Thin enough to flex readily.
Not that thin.
Jin deserves the best in modern technology.
zikzak, there's no use in throwing things at her.
That loses all the charm.
Is that right?
I've never thrown anything at a girl I liked.
cept maybe when such behavior was expected
Such has during a softball game.
I agree with bc.
You should only throw something at a girl if she is expecting it and plans on catching it.
The fun isn't in throwing things at all!
Well, bc, I was thinking of a situation when she wanted me to throw her a small pillow or some such.
You couldn't throw an anvil.
zikzak couldn't.
He has no upper body strength.
I think I would like to beat Jin with a VA Linux box.
I would drop it on her legs, making her a cripple.
I don't see why I couldn't do both.
And maybe drop the box on her hands instead?
Ruin her to art for all time?
Fine, I'll smash the box on her hands.
Happy?
Someone should post this transcript somewhere.
Why not?
I think I will, and replace bc with qp and vice versa, to boot.
Why's that?
Why didn't you ever get what you were supposed to, anyway?
quite delicious!
er, ha ha
Communism is our last, best hope.
Communism, please work your red magic!
Communism is just so tender and sensitive in its youth.
It gets its ass whipped by capitalism.
bc, you can't deny that the track record is pretty dismal so far.
Communism either gets whipped or perverted into a dictatorship.
Cryptonomicon sounds like a gky book, but I'm unsure of the spelling.
Damn straight it does.
What were you expecting?
The Gky Chud Bible
He did have those glasses.
And he was Jewish!
That doesn't sound as gky.
Well, if you just want to drop the title in an article to sound gky, the title does matter.
look in #k5
I'm off to cook, bye!
Someone on giz was insulting me.
And I don't even post there!
can't recall, and the site is down
legolas seems to lack an appreciation of romance
4alert
Your page rank is a mere 6 now?
try to keep up, bobo.
Like metafilter!
I would link to from k5 but for the obvious reason.
You need to make real news, so real news sites link to you.
Don't hack them, just do something noteworthy.
capture Osama bin Laden!
Or post an article claiming to have talked to someone who knows where he is.
Then have someone submit that to cnn and such.
We have a treaty with the UK.
It is illegal for each country's citizens to kill the rulers of the other country.
Sorry!
We've been over this, bc.
If one of the aq editors got anthrax, that would be a huge amount of publicity.
Well, why aren't you out whoring your diseased self?
The reason you aren't more popular is that you spend too much time bitching and moaning about wanting to be popular without actually doing anything!
The truth hurts, doesn't it, bc?
msg bc Maybe if we're really quiet he'll go away.
aww crap!
That reminds me.
I was going to see if abuse@adequacy.
org worked.
You should have an abuse address.
Every site should.
It's standard.
It's an address where one can abuse the webmasters and/or editors.
It's just not the same.
I take it you've never tried it.
Rattle off an email to abuse@msn.
com right now.
It's therapy.
Your site is difficult to read, Vlad.
No, the design is fine, for what it is.
It's speed that's annoying.
I think somewhere in the routing someone is transcribing the packets by hand.
Well, don't holler at us, Vlad.
You and Jelerial had quite a nice deal worked out and for some reason it fell apart.
Now, I'm not blaming anyone, but still.
Vladinator, that's why we remember for you, and remind you at every opportunity.
We're helpful!
coldcut also has the good looks of an ox.
Vlad was looking for you, tiny_pea.
Luckily for you, he didn't find you.
Oh really?
I wonder why he wanted to find you, then.
He doesn't strike me as the sort to be eager to settle a debt.
No, it very much struck me that he wished to impose on you.
Well, in sql, you generally start with an alter statement.
g alter table, alter database, alter view
cept I don't think there is an alter view.
Hello, #adequacy!
At the expense of poor 3rdworld workers.
damn im tierd
im still tierd
im not sure
its an odd time to be sleeping so i shant
Get it out?
I'm sure you've done your part to make it how it is, legolas.
osm needs to think about women less.
Don't buy, beg!
That stuff will ruin you, bc.
It'll rot your precious little head.
You already are a man!
And it's making a drunk out of you 
And decreases performance.
cp, I think bc, of all people, knows what alcohol is.
He's had enough in him!
Well, what's a good effect?
Laying there limply?
Most guys are already.
Take ennui, for example.
He is a prime example of a bestial human being, wholly given over to his base desires.
He really should be put in a zoo, as a curiousity from another, more primitive, era.
He will sit in a cage, picking at himself, making faces at people who pass.
Men will turn away from disgust, women will cry out and faint, and young children will run screaming to their mothers at the sight of him.
The bottle is a subtitute for the teat.
Some men never quite make it out of infanthood.
You spend too much time thinking about this.
Especially compared to how much you actually get.
When was the last time you actually enjoyed all the things you're carrying on about?
No, I think I once saw a sheep counting.
Come now, bc.
Surely a hedonist such as yourself has tasted a woman in the last few days, no?
You aren't going to pick up women on irc, bc.
Get out there!
I had a aq comment editorialized, to quote gbd.
paraphrase, not quote
Oh, damn.
I like the word editorialized
That fucker.
That's why I don't log on.
I'd be untrusted in no time!
I posted another one.
Wonder how long it'll take him to find it 
You would hate it if people spammed on aq.
Haven't you heard of the golden rule?
I think I will get my IP banned from aq.
That should make for an entertaining weekend sometime.
Yes, but it will entertain me all weekend.
I'm easy that way.
In fact, I think I've done more than enough.
Ban me!
No, ban me.
Ban me, and I'll write for aq.
Look it up, you lazy ass.
This is taking substantially longer than the promised 2 seconds.
So it is.
When k5 comes up, I should consider a diary about how I got kicked off the editorial staff and banned.
No, perdida.
cause cp is an asshole, that's why, perdida.
This is great.
Does aq have an email address for story submissions?
I just think it'll be fun to submit stories and never know if they get posted or how they do.
Who's chuckx?
elby, guess who's banned from aq?
For trolling, I imagine.
Yes, my IP is banned.
bc did it.
It's quite alright.
I think it's exciting!
At least as exciting as things get on the internet these days.
Yes, of course.
I've never had the honor.
And how.
It's a bit much to keep up with.
I'm going to have to make time to write for aq now.
It will be fun to write for a site and never know if I get published!
In case you've not noticed, a thing really has to be only very slightly amusing to count as fun for me.
I would never do that.
It's a sin!
You say it like it's some sort of secret, cp.
What are you talking about?
bc is a drunken lazy scotsman!
Getting him to do anything at all is impossible sometimes.
But bc said it couldn't be removed.
Or maybe he said he didn't know how.
Quite possibly he was just too lazy to try.
Like I said, drunken lazy scotsman.
I love you all!
You're such a sweet heart, bc!
I tried to tell elby a sob story about being banned from aq, but cp butted in.
cp is like that sometimes.
Why are JCB and regeya banned?
Maybe you should forgive and unban!
You created inadequacy.
10I never would have guessed.
Perhaps I should start crusading against the evil that is adequacy.
I do think it's serious, and I do hate adequacy.
OldSchoolRev, imagine that.
I feel the same way about you.
You wanted me to say that you're dull?
You could've just asked.
You've not asked.
I talked to emad on cp's bidding.
I can't do this, bc 
What's that?
Oh, I was trying to start my article, but it just wasn't coming.
So I gave up!
haha, sure.
I think the latest fad on k5 is to argue about who is taking k5 too seriously.
I already do take it seriously.
What is more, I took it seriously before it was cool to take it seriously.
bc, do you ever get the feeling that aq is nothing but a bunch of people devoting a few minutes a day to trolling PotatoError?
13=9>4WOW9<13=
That was a lot of work, but it was worth it.
Pointing out hypocrisy is so tired.
Why not tell us why hypocrisy is a bad thing?
That would be a good article.
8S9K4I13T9T4L8E6S
Did he?
But, why would they vote up a site they couldn't read?
That could work.
koreanregister.
org has been sued out of existance by McDonald's 
I'm kidding.
They won't fall for that twice.
And rightfuly so.
Libertarianism is a heap of nonsense.
bc, I don't expect you to know this, being Scottish, but nobody in the States actually cares if LA is blown off the map.
bc, and none of this has been mentioned in any other news source?
No, it has to be a human interest story, something that the major outlets would not pick up.
South Korean was seen sobbing, I don't want to die!
Or better yet, South Korean Prime Minister was seen sobbing, I don't want to die!
Jin is a cum slut.
Get off my back.
Everything I say, it's too harsh for you.
What do you even mean by that?
Well, you're going to have to qualify that, at the very least.
Perhaps my continued existence depends on that, but it seems that there is some point at which I existed yet had never punctured anyone's self worth.
Well, if I existed without puncturing anyone's self worth, it seems clear that my existence cannot predicate on puncturing other's self worth.
This isn't very complicated.
I don't remember how this conversation started or what its point is.
You condemning me to make yourself feel less guilty?
Yah, it's pretty much always the same.
Perhaps people need to have their ego punctured.
One's ego shouldn't be as a balloon.
One's ego should be built one brick at a time.
Such an ego will be unprickable regardless of how immature it is.
I don't think I'm qualified to do anything.
I do what I do as best I can.
If ever I succeed, it is only be the grace of God.
I don't see how performing the Lord's work makes me evil.
Perhaps you could clarify?
It is written that pride comes before a fall.
What is pride but for an overinflated ego?
Then I will surely come to my own fall.
Are you to be the agent of my undoing, then?
Perhaps, but I don't see that they are capable of much.
No, no, and finally no.
Whatever you do, do it with style.
Well, substance is still nice, but style is indespensable.
linacaro, did you manage to outlast Jin?
Imagine that.
What can you buy for $15 these days?
They keep expecting it to make sense.
I rather like communities, myself.
bc and I compose the smallest online community in the whole world, don't we bc?
The great thing about online communities is that one doesn't have to have contact with one's fellows for months or years at a time, if one so wishes.
Can't stay away from global crossings?
Are you ever tempted to say something that actually could be true, ennui?
You can't beat me, though, so I don't see that you can be tempted to beat me.
Wrong window?
What are you hoping to attach to the email?
I'm sure I can imagine, bc.
Don't worry, I shan't tell anyone.
cp, it just goes to a signin page.
I see.
Since I don't have a yahoo post, I won't be of much help.
a yahoo account, that is.
I would just like to emphasize at this point that I have no idea whatsoever what adequacy.
org is.
Never heard of it.
No sir.
Don't count on it, ennui.
bc is a misanthrope and would only help you if it served his own interests.
Heidi didn't say that.
I feel sorry for PotatoError
Well, I am PotatoError, and I'm always getting trolled.
I keep forgetting 
I get all worked up about something I read on adequacy.
org, write and post an angry diatribe, then suddenly remember that the whole site is a big troll.
Does this help next time I get worked up?
No, not in the slightest.
It must be.
I'm not even sure why I keep going back to adequacy.
Well, other than because it's the start page of my browser.
tiny_pea?
nor shall you start now!
Hi, linacaro.
Be warned, this is the stupid people channel.
Well, he's out of place, then.
He is a clever one.
40 degrees according to what scale?
I'd give it a 3
It wasn't that bad, it wasn't that good.
I didn't see either of those movies, zikzak.
I didn't see Hannible, either, but I like to rate movies I haven't seen.
bc, did you see the diary about it?
I took the opportunity to be annoyingly cryptic.
9evil rusty, even.
9evil 7color 13scheme
Why don't any of the IRC colors go well with any of the other IRC colors?
He took it personally, for some reason.
It's anonymized.
If people don't stop submitting meta humor articles, I'm going to get peeved.
No, there's a brand new one.
Nothing would get on the front page, bc.
cept that Katz article.
The numbers on that Katz article were unreal.
Which meta one?
At least it's short.
The other one is really long!
I went about it all wrong.
I wrote all my articles back when there was no guarantee of being voted up 
Then the story about that guys anus got stuck there for a week, and everyone decided that it sucked.
I have an idea.
The limit should be raised, and the queue should be made a fixed size, say, ten stories.
That way, there would be a motive to quickly vote things down that weren't good enough to post.
People would not be amused if someone filled a slot with a crap article.
We could write a script, to monitor the queue and slip stories in when there was a free slot!
We could sell the script to Vlad for $50 and get rich.
Good idea, bc.
linacaro, yes.
That would speed the voting process.
Alternately, the queue could be done away with altogether and we could just email our stories to rusty and he would decide whether to post them.
Oh, wait, that's pretty much the system we have, it seems.
I hope he does do a site news bit about it.
He'd have to admit that the deletion criteria is either that a story is spam, plagiarised, or really pisses him off.
why do people need to know his true nature?
What's more, why do you think that this and this alone is his true nature?
But why?
I thought we liked K5.
If you live to destroy, why do you do so little of it?
Oh, I thought you might be an annihilative ascetic, or something exciting like that.
I sneezed on my monitor 
Just a moment, please.
I never used to get sick.
I blame that dratted girl.
She stole my trolling angst and made me sick.
I don't think you've met, sinead.
Isn't Jin blonde?
That she is, sinead, and as such, would make a poor Jin substitute.
Who are we talking about?
It's a bit hard to make the insults stick when you don't know her and I know you don't know her.
Someone zeroed one of my comments!
I don't remember meeting Jin.
Maybe Jin is a fabrication.
Maybe I and some associates made her up because we were bored!
Apparently because Icehouseman doesn't like to have his prejudices questioned.
So your next plan is a humaninterest story from Malaysia, bc?
I know, and it's so sweet of you!
I'm surprised nobody has noticed and accused us of being one and the same.
At least not recently.
Really?
Regarding what?
Inoshiro isn't as impressive an opponent as rusty.
I want an email from rusty, demanding that I cease my foolishness.
5 of my past 30 comments had as their subject Well
I hate subjects and titles.
but I'm beat.
g'night
kurobot answers questions now?
KuroBot, do you actually understand the questions that are asked of you?
Maybe you should port scoop to asp on iis
using mssql
Yeah, you didn't, mjl.
I'm hungry.
Some korean food would be good, hee hee hee.
So you're ruining k5, joe?
How often does KuroBot access the site?
That isn't really very often.
What does it do every 100 seconds?
I should hope that k5 can handle someone loading the queue and the front page every 100 seconds.
yeah, of her tits.
I'd like to see him.
I'm your enemy now?
In the States, the most wellknown Scotsman is from Australia.
Mel Gibson.
Well, if you count coming from a Scottish family, I'm Scottish too, and I don't like that idea.
My last name is MacDuff.
bc, it looks like you made them raise the posting limit on k5
Well, it's 95 today, up from 80
rusty has spies everywhere.
For example, I don't trust ana, chloedancer, evileye, ntropy_, pb, Rodnik, Scott_Hall, or Ubu_away.
I do, but I'm still drugged.
This sucks.
The only way I can stop myself from coughing and crap is to take drugs.
But drugs make me no be able to think.
You've been listening to jsm's economics crap for to long, bc.
return on investment
It's not an investment!
It's a hobby!
What idea?
I can't even remember what we're talking about.
Goddamn it.
Who the hell are you people?
What's a 'toque'?
Well, the last line makes it easy to write you off as a crackpot.
Don't paint the stripes yourself, but yes.
I like you fine that color.
There is a link to Goats between the link to UF and thetoque.
I wonder if it's any good.
It's not any good.
If I could send a message to the qpt of two minutes ago, it would say Don't bother reading goats
I don't know what that is, so I can't adequately feel whatever it is I should be feeling toward you right now.
It's a $25 propeller beanie.
I remember when you could get a propeller beanie for $2.
Well, that would indicate remarkable forsight on someone's part.
Steve Case invented the microprocessor.
Go adequacy!
That looks like a soccer score.
Is it possible to live through one hundred lashes?
The lash I'm thinking of would cut one in half in 50.
I should likewise be added.
I think requiring english is a good idea.
You have to draw a line somewhere.
Otherwise, before you know it, you'll be printing everything in ebonics \
I wish to become a citizen of the UK
Well, I think that's quite a trip from here 
I think a dual citizenship would be ideal
I doubt the CD's are manufactured here.
They likely produce them in southeast asia
Does that mean that the rest of the world is legally required to hate me less?
I thought Americans were hated more than anyone else.
Then by the principle of the identity of indistinguishables, I declare that Kuristanis are Turks.
You're proposing something along the lines of, If Kurdistanis are Turks, then qpt is Scottish.
I don't see any reason to think that's wrong, but at the same time, it doesn't seem right either.
Have you seen me?
I'm short and round.
And smooth.
I've never been to Scotland, see.
I had an idea for another K5 article.
What if we took a bbc story and summarized it for an mlp in such a way that the summary had some cursory resemblence to the article, but in fact made claims that where evident no where in the article.
A long article, so that one could start reading the article and see how it might lead to the conclusions we said it did, but if they were to actually finish the article, they would find that it did not.
Hopefully, nobody will read the whole article.
That could work.
I'll write the false one.
Oh fine!
You should just say what you mean in the first place, though P
I'm going to write about the nuclear buildup in south asia.
well, I'm looking at stories now.
shoeboy, that's too much.
Well, it should be a bit more subtle than that.
Yes, shoeboy.
Well, why not?
bc, here's my plan
I will write an article claiming that intelligence has reported india deploying nuclear warheads.
I will pepper this article with an absurd number of links to stories about the india/pakistan nuclear situation as well as intelligence reports.
Not many people will care to wade through the whole mess.
That's too soon.
what are some local news sources for the area?
Doesn't seem likely.
I will paste mine, sans links
Almost four years ago, in May 1998, India and Pakistan conducted successive test detonations of nuclear weapons.
After decades of political and military struggles over the hotly contested region of Kashmir, the uneasy neighbors stood threatening each other with doomsday devices capable of annihilating millions of lives.
Since the tests were performed, tensions in the region have only grown more strained.
During the assault on Afghanistan, the United States negotiated favorably with Pakistan for permission to use Pakistani held territory as a staging ground for military strikes deep into Taliban controlled areas.
Already disturbed by the diplomatic stance the United States  a longtime ally  was taking toward Pakistan, misgiving turned to outrage in the Indian government when a terrorist organization based in Pakistan assaulted the Indian Parliament, killing nine.
Troop buildup has since increased along the Kashmir border, and American intelligence indicates that war is imminent.
Both Indian and Pakistani officials have expressed a willingness to use nuclear weapons if necessary, and reports now indicate that at least India may indeed intend to make good on that threat.
India is presently courting the military support of Russia, which possesses the longrange missile technology that is needed for India to effectively deploy its nuclear arsenal.
Such an agreement could decisively turn the tables against Pakistan, breaking any assurance of mutual destruction, thus rendering a nuclear exchange frighteningly probable.
Do you think so?
I did mention the Parliament bombing
That's a good point.
so many links 
This better be worth it!
Don't do anything obvious.
The longer yours lasts the better.
I need an account now
What should I call it?
Linux4Life
way too much
where'd you get the email?
I went with excite.
So as not to be obvious
My account will be thorn rose
I thought it sounded gothy
Although black thorn rose covered in virgin's blood would be more gothy.
I think so
Stupid k5 needs to email me!
It's not coming.
Maybe .
edu can no longer make accounts.
That would be pretty crazy, though.
My whole school is banned from k5 because of me!
or maybe it's just slow
I didn't use my spu email
I was wondering if he did some sort of IP banning trickery.
Ignore account creation requests from an IP in SPU.
He could do that.
I'd never know
He'd laugh as I tried to make account after account and never got the email
never mind, I just got the email in the yahoo account
I need a headline
Were you serious about that?
How about Those fucking brownskins are going to nuke themselves
I couldn't actually find an article that mentioned the BJP
Hold the presses!
I found an article on the bjp web site characterizing nuclear weapons as a point of pride
SOLID GOLD
I like your headline, but it's too long
scoop will chop it
or will it?
Stupid scoop doesn't chop the headline in preview.
Music Sales Down Is it Napster?
Or is it lack of inspiration?
right wing BJP takes India closer to nuclear confrontation
politics, mlp?
there's nothing like that rush of posting a story
haha, I kicked the kurobot
Mine is facing opposition
the vote is split 1,1,1
Who can not care about nuclear war?
Well, ti dave, apparently.
should I up vote you?
ti dave also doesn't care about a financial crises in asia
TheophileEscargot also doesn't care about nuclear war.
Not quite sure I understand all the 0 votes.
He doesn't care about your story either.
Do all the people at k5 this time of day just always vote 0?
gcc will always be free
It says so in the license.
You're beating me, and yours is a damn lie!
sitcoman didn't care about mine
wow, half my votes are 0's
this is queer.
I did not predict this
how so?
I think that people are looking at all the links and going eek!
then voting 0
I have some lame comments
See, the central claim to my article is that Russia is going to provide India with missiles, right?
That's just a lie
I MADE IT UP
He was not careful enough
He tried to be a good skeptic, but there were just too many words!
garlic
Phillip Pirrup
Greyhame
strawdog
bob from accounting
truth versus death
The KuroBot
quartz
delta x
alprazolam
depsypher
DJBongHit
gilmae
ramenlord
theantix
skeptic
Jackster
scanman
lazyass
pathwalker
persimmon
The Apostle of God
WWWWolf
smalter
Dirac Tesseract
ausduck
HunkaHunkaBurninLove
morkeleb
BetterEmail
BigZaphod
pfaffben
irreplicant
Trevasel
vlad123
sigwinch
osmin626
zaugg 
There's everyone who is supposedly online
why aren't they voting?
I replied to imrdkl
I am not a native English speaker and I sometimes have difficulty with the connotations of certain words.
I did not mean to imply that war was inevitable, but merely very possible.
no, wait, that's not what I said
That's an early draft.
Look on k5 to see what I actually said
why not?
With a .
50 caliber round, if possible.
Post an english translation
With a different account
haha, my reply to imrdkl defused the tension there.
I'm going up!
It's like a video game
Just 89 left to go
No problem
I'm not getting enough FP, though
Oh well
He'll ruin it somehow.
I can't believe yours is doing better!
It's clearly a load of crap.
Yes, but you have a higher FP% and our only 1 is epcraig
No kididng.
kidding
Not to mention the fact the your only legible links have nothing to do with your story.
Bad Harmony defends my politics!
or at least what I gather to be my politics
Your imrdkl comment doesn't seem to be hurting.
On the other hand, we could always 0 him for kicks
yeah, too many trusted users
damn trusted users.
if we were the only trusted users, we would have godlike powers
way to obvious
I'll admit, to see why my article is wrong, you really have to read a lot of things carefully and think about it.
I wonder if he knows he can't change his vote
I like how your falling precipitously link goes to a graph that is doing anything but falling precipitously.
It looks like it's kind wiggling up and down to me
Well, damn physwall
I guess we knew it couldn't work twice in a row
How 'bout this.
create 5 accounts.
Use them each to post really really long comments to your story and rate them up
Nobody will have the energy to scroll past the pages and pages of comments
You know, slashdotstyle page lengthening posts
He called you a loser.
Might as well post back calling him a cunt
Not much to lose
Mine is at 11,5 1 7
Not bad
Although, I'm still disturbed by how many people don't care about nuclear war.
Vote up everything else in the queue FP, okay?
Just in case.
I'm just reading my article.
It's really bad
It's just all over the place.
What are we talking about?
the BJP?
Russia?
Missiles?
Pakistan?
I'll get section easily enough.
Well, note for next time, a more blatant false claim can likely be included.
What's a quin?
he replied
fly to china and steal 3 billion, quick!
Create yet another account and post a worse article to the queue to distract attention from your article!
You can imagine how frustrated rusty got
Write a hoax so bad you can't love it.
Inoshiro is raping my butt!
what the fuck
imrdkl posted a url corroberating much of my story.
including parts I thought I made up
how queer
It's not exactly the same, and the bjp part is still unsubstantiated, but still
Well, follow the link
I guess so!
Both Indian and Pakistani officials have expressed a willingness to use nuclear weapons if necessary  < may be true, I don't know
now indicate that at least India may indeed intend to make good on that threat < I have no reason to think this
The radically rightwing Bharatiya Janata Party which sees nuclear proliferation as an expression of national pride is presently courting the military support of Russia  < I have no reason to think the bjp is involved
which possesses the longrange missile technology that is needed for India to effectively deploy its nuclear arsenal  < Russia has no intention of selling missiles to India
Such an agreement could decisively turn the tables against Pakistan, breaking any assurance of mutual destruction, thus rendering a nuclear exchange frighteningly probable.
India already outgunned Pakistan
Yeah, so it's still pretty wrong
Not as wrong as I'd like, though
Maybe I should email rusty with some corrections I'd like to make
I didn't know!
I just saw a couple headlines with russia and india in them and decided to make an arms deal
new Editorial Taipei Times none / 0 #7 
by Bad Harmony on Fri Feb 8th, 2002 at 074716 AM EST
No mention of the story at the Taipei Times.
Well, that is odd.
I wonder how they could overlook that?
I have a great idea.
Login as bc.
And we'll have some witty banter in your article.
I'll start.
What is it?
I replied to someone else
I like that sig
I don't see that it matters.
I'm hesitant to vote myself up, but I'm curious how the story is doing
Did you see comment #11?
It does?
What for?
I was translating.
linacaro voted my story down
i hate her
well, I must be off.
doodah
You'd understand if you were Jewish.
bc, it's impossible to keep up with pop culture's latest lustinterest.
I just don't bother trying anymore.
bc, my article made the front page
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I fear I may have accidentally written something that was more true than false, thus actually contributing to k5.
Not so.
I just got lucky.
A lot of the stuff I made up happened to be true.
I've killed a few Indians in my time.
Ah, 1789, that year in which good mother Britian let her spoiled child fend for itself.
In the style of oops?
Is there a style guide for oops online?
I don't know who Jaleel White is.
Our experts are please to report that you are a tolerable, if not pleasant.
Can't ask for much more than that!
Person.
As sure as I care to be.
I got a 34
I don't really see how to get a 0.
I suppose it depends on what your goal is.
It's good to see you're being honest.
No, I would truthfully answer b.
Maybe you're thinking of seventypercent?
I think I've had about enough of your nearconstant condemnation.
That test is clearly bunk.
Well, I don't think most people on /net and k5 find me tolerable
gnarphlager, I'm sure that's not it.
Maybe you just look frightening!
Or live in a remote location.
Well, maybe you should try to be more friendly.
No, that's a defeatist attitude.
You should get up in the morning, look in the mirror, and tell yourself, People do like me, because I am a nice guy!
gnarphlager, you wouldn't happen to be a goth, would you?
I think that you've never really let go of the goth attitude.
You still have some of your favorite goth poems around that you still read now and then, don't you?
Isn't the deeply emotional electronic music that you create just another expression of Gothism?
But when your only tools are a drum machine and a synth, can you really help but whine?
go adequacy!
Many things, once done, are not easily undone.
No, but I'm considering it.
Standing on the threshold of such an act, it is not always clear what the consequences will be, only that they will be irreversible.
I'm sure
It would be improper to tell you.
One shouldn't carry on online about the details of one's personal life, after all.
Unless the purpose is to annoy k5.
However, it is perfectly okay to reflect vaguely online, if doing so annoys people.
Do you think rusty would delete the goldbug story for me?
There's actual discussion and crap going on
Or at least shut you up.
There!
Now try telling someone!
How much?
My pockets are actually empty of all except lint.
What did pb do?
I'm going to regret asking, but are you a slave to a robot, a robot that is a slave, or both?
Not yet.
Now I am
Oh, I have plenty of that.
Tip Drunken Canadians are not the best source of information regarding the fine details of K5 intellectual property rights.
To make or to buy?
Or just to reflect on?
You should buy a bag of beans that is composed entirely of rice.
Shut up about India
It is a huge bivalve, bc.
Don't ethiopians eat dirt and rocks?
I would think the dirt would be both more filling and nutritious.
No wonder they're starving.
RobotSlave is eating their food.
I don't think most folks do.
I certainly don't fret if I see a child eating a mud pie.
I thought you were raised by rich relations while your parents were getting murdered on the steppes of asia, bc.
What does that mean.
That's not torture, that a culinary technique.
It makes a fag of you?
And rightly so.
Women deserve nothing less, and perhaps a good deal more.
Don't change the subject, chloe dear.
You say that like it is a condition he is wishing to end.
bc is single because alone he is complete.
I think they still teach counting in Texan schools.
We aren't, chloe dear.
There are plenty more, bc.
Cast her aside!
You're breaking up by email?
How modern and sophisticated!
Who isn't?
She does look a little too soft and sweet.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
What was it they used to call you, bc?
I can't quite recall.
They called you bc the somethingest something of all
Drat, it escapes me.
That's fear of hate.
misophobia, anyway
homophobia fear of things that are the same.
heterophobia fear of things that are different than other things
Well, I guess homophobia would really be fear of the uniform
metaphobia fear of phobias?
Is a gynacist someone who studies women?
Why not?
When you're a woman like chloe and I, you get used to guys thinking they have a right to look at you.
Think of all the drunken Canadians out there, bc.
We'll send you some nice emails straight away.
Worry not!
bc, I get lots of ICQ spam about barnyard babes.
I don't even want to know what a barnyard babe is 
I think I can guess, though
Of the barnyard babe?
Was she in fact a babe?
Well, good for the horse, then.
Pay for?
bc gets it for free in his email.
Who's Jeffr?
Is legolas acceptable?
I'm doing a security check
I assume chloe is not considered a risk.
Anyway, I'm having trouble seeing how else we can go about this, bc.
The foreign language trick has worn itself out
My idea was unsuccessful.
It could've worked, but I didn't do it right.
We mock them for being stupid, but they aren't that dumb.
You can't just lie to them straight out.
openregister should have worked.
That was my trump card!
I did that
It made the front page
You'll have to be more specific.
The best thing is to wait for inspiration.
We need a muse.
chloe?
Plus, she seems to have gone
chloe, would you be so kind as to fly to Scotland and orally pleasure bc until the ideas start flowing?
bc, I am not your muse, I am your partner.
Forget that at your own peril.
There's someone already pretending that.
Can't recall who
He made that up?
Jennifer Sweeny, or something like that.
You've been listening to his fiction all evening!
Every time he says something that could be true or could be false, you guessed it!
It's not true.
Is it too revealing of your inner self, bc?
Oops, I thought I was chloe there for a moment.
That is a bit gky.
Is being a wiccan difficult?
Why not go to a pub and get in on tap?
Then find a pub that does free deliveries.
I know.
What that, bc?
You don't say?
I would like to buy some, please.
I have ten thousand dollars money to spend.
Thank you for the advice!
I will do as you suggest
pos bot
shouldn't have written it pearl
KuroBot, was it a bad idea to write you in pearl?
Kurobot, why not?
KuroBot, you're just a brainless pearl script, aren't you?
KuroBot, does she love me?
KuroBot, does she love another more?
Goddamn it!
You'd better tell me now!
KuroBot, do you think joe would let me have your source?
I'm thinking of writing another game for KuroBot.
I'm not sure yet, bc.
I was thinking a trivia game could be fun, but I'm not sure where to get the questions.
I think Jews should control the media, but if they actually did, I would expect more lox during primetime.
Well, last time I watched a tv show.
I'm not sure when that was
Maybe yesterday.
Look, need2down, that article was written by T Reginal Gibbons.
Now, I don't see T Reginald Gibbons in here.
Do you?
Do you read the articles, ennui__, or just look at the pictures?
Tiffany who?
No kidding!
Refresh my memory, who the hell is Tiffany the singer?
It's pitiful how out of touch I am with pop culture.
In the sense that hackers use them to hack.
How else would they be hacking programs?
Of course I haven't seen the programs.
I'm not a hacker.
need2down, did you not notice the five thousand comments in the article all saying the same thing that you're saying?
please stop?
If you had a dime for every time you ignored someone's plea to please stop, how much would you have, ennui__?
You could probably retire, ennui.
shoeboy is refering to your apparent naivete, need2down.
Lost it 5 times?
Where did it keep turning up?
oriface is a word ennui made up because he's a stupid black man.
An orifice is, roughly, a hole.
Didn't shoeboy find love reading aq?
Don't ask me.
Ask KuroBot.
KuroBot, will need2down find love on aq?
Well, there you have it.
need2down, let it go right now.
ennui, magenta isn't ready yet.
Well, adequacy probably should get in the business of molding youth.
Hitler did that, and look how well he turned out!
Really?
That's what I heard too, Sylvain.
need2down, there really is only one sense of the word, though.
Maybe rev and legolas could handle each other.
perdida, I had to laugh when I saw vladinator's offer.
ha, I think that would be substantially more palatable than what he actually did offer, shoeboy.
That's the way I see it.
He's obviously an idiot and what he says doesn't reflect on you, perdida, just on his own mental deficiencies.
I like how the default apache page looks so excited.
It worked!
I don't think it's ever worked before!
zikzak, I do.
What's up?
gibbons, there was someone in here earlier wanting to argue about your hacker article.
Not personally, no, but it came up.
Troy was made up by Homer.
Well, respectable people don't play video games.
Who's IRCing?
Not you too, JanusXP.
This Jin cult is getting obnoxious.
The hell you did.
I was obsessed with Jin before it was cool!
I sound so old when I say that \
Or eternally immature.
Who's to say which, though?
I'm surprised the Chip Hell article sparked so much angry outcry.
I really can't imagine how anyone could think it was serious.
Someone misinformed to that degree should not be derided, though, but pitied.
You mean they use their computers to send messages to their girlfriends.
I do that sometimes too.
You misunderstood, bc.
If jsm's article is a sincere expression of jsm's beliefs, then jsm is a lunatic.
The proper attitude for one to feel toward a lunatic is pity.
Thus, if jsm's article is a sincere expression of jsm's beliefs, then jsm should be pitied.
What's the buzz page?
I found it
Did aq really get all these awards listed here?
Weekly worst?
Way to go!
Sites that cannot be categorized elsewhere but offer offensive, grotesque, frightening, lurid, material with no redeeming value.
A pity, too.
The description fits aq to a t.
When you start reading, it almost seems like really welldone satire.
until you realize the article is deadserious.
I started to get really suspicious of this article and I scrolled to the end, looking for the this is an early April fools prank or the like.
I found none.
Either Mr.
Gibbons works for Intel, or he is a profoundly misinformed individual.
Like shoeboy said, gks have to be told if something is serious or not.
I promise you I will not stop until your company is bankrupt and your editors are in jail.
Jeremy Werner, Segment Marketing Engineer, Advanced Micro Devices 
Was Mr.
Werner authorized to speak on behalf of AMD?
That segment from screensavers is awesome.
I hadn't seen that.
I think you should tell gibbons to write another such notorious article.
seventypercent, that's because the article didn't seem very sophisticated, but that's precisely why it worked.
I don't think you're going to get that sort of response out of anyone but gks, though.
I think people are too dismissive of racism.
They assume that a racist viewpoint is not even worth addressing.
I think racism is funny, but I'm white.
Nobody in that clip is hot.
I have a copy of internet explorer using 68 MB of memory and 8090% of the processor.
I wonder what it thinks it's doing.
Your girlfriend isn't bad, bc.
What's her favorite food?
seventypercent, you're an anachronism.
The war with communism is over, and we won.
I found this recipe for salmon steaks on the bbc website once.
It was excellent.
It was cooked in coconut milk with chile peppers, ginger, and tomatos.
The ware is over, seventypercent.
We won.
4Communism reigns supreme.
Bow before your new masters, capitalis pigdog.
seventypercent, do you have a personal home page?
That's unfortunate.
I need a personal home page, but I don't wish to create one.
bc, all the homepages that I can find are too ugly to steal 
Why are the apparently easiest parts of plans always so damn hard?
I forgot all about him
It did look nice
geocities.
com/yourname/
I think vince's is better.
It comes premade with ramblings and everything
And an essay section!
It still strikes me as so much work right now.
I'm so lazy.
What do I need to post an essay to k5 for?
I'll use goldbug.
goldbug already has a FP article
I think we both have different ideas on what exactly the plan is.
Security check?
Once some poor sod posts a big highly discussed oped style piece to the k5 front page, we lift it, post it on our website, and say that it's plagiarized and that k5 has to remove it.
Okay, that sounds good.
goldbug it is, then
Well, it ruins the plan if goldbug is caught plagiarizing
Although that would be ironic
See, that's what the plagiarizer always thinks.
ah well, it's good
Now, is there any way to get google to quickly index a site?
It would be nice if google backed up our claim.
It's not critical, but it would be nice.
That's true.
No, I mean it would be nice if the article we lift off k5 was indexed by google as belonging to our geocities page
what if we emailed google and explained our situation.
Maybe they could make an exception?
How so?
What's wrong with it?
That's trustworthy.
but what?
It explains why I noticed
It allows me to be full of righteous indignation
It allows me to say wtf would be dumb enough to plagiarize from another k5 user?
got to go, bye!
I posted a story to the queue
I wanted to see if it would matter.
I found the article by googling for open source advantages
Mostly getting 0's right now, but that works fine
I'll be so unhappy if it doesn't.
I devoted about three minutes to that story.
That does seem like the work of a freak.
I'm going to have to give delmoi a 0, just on the principle of the thing
I'm also going to have to give him a 0 in those comments that he linked to.
That seems like a lot of work
I gave him 8 zeros just now.
I gave Vlad a 0 earlier.
I noticed you did too, along with everyone else.
Nobody is commenting on my story.
It hurts my feelings.
I put a lot of work into it, and I want feedback.
I did a google search and made an account.
I even had to replace some <h3> tags with <b> tags.
How do you mean?
I just wanted a generic, boring defence of open source.
I read the first line, and it looked like an attack, so I 0'd it
oh bother, now I've gone and 0ed thirteen of his comments
I didn't really intend to 0 that many
mikael_j is a putz
I'm going to go to bed now.
I'll wake up later and have my article be on the front page!
Of course, It's a bit of a stretch to call it mine
I loved your comment in the open source article
Doesn't matter.
Did it get voted down or deleted?
How was it doing?
It was reverse engineered from a proprietary document.
As have I.
Calling perdida a cumdumpster is forbidden.
Somebody did a page widening post.
Are page widening posts now forbidden?
The other goatse.
cx article is at 1
Don't be a coward.
bc, how's your tea essense project coming?
My fortune cookie exhorts me to keep your idealism practical.
Perhaps.
I always conceived of idealism as impractical.
I'm not sure I have any ideals.
My simple animalistic drives?
Like what?
You've routinely accused me of being a compuslive dishonesty.
Now, perhaps this is merely my unique perspective, but lying seems like a poor candidate for an animalistic urge, considering that animals are not capable of lying.
being a compuslive dishonesty should have been being compulsively dishonest
No, I don't think they are.
What would it mean for a mouse to lie?
Would it now.
How would it go about doing that?
No, it wasn't.
The cat had merely observed that you paid more attention to it when it stood next to the door.
It didn't know why.
Anyway, this is beside the point.
The cat supposedly lied for food.
You accuse me of complusively lying for itself.
According to you, I value dishonesty inherently.
Sating my desires?
How has lying ever gotten me closer to satisfying an animal desire?
That's absurd.
That presupposes that I am unable to rationally reflect on the actual consequences of my actions.
However, I can, and I can also clearly see that no matter how long I were to lie on k5, I should never ever expect to receive food, sex, or shelter from doing so.
Well, bc, that is a pretty theory.
You are claiming to have more access to my cognitive functions than even I do!
Now, how you came to be in such a priviliged position I can only imagine.
Your thesis seems to consist of little more than a description of what I happen to do.
I have yet to see you predict anything with it.
Convenient, that.
Well, quit giving your stupid error messages!
I wish it was that easy to shut people up in #k5
that would be fun
The people have already spoken, but the ruling opressors do not care.
You must help it.
ennui, nice article, but I'm going to vote against it.
First 1!
Do you have 100 account again?
What sparked a miscreant like you to start writing balanced, informative articles?
Yes, and we won.
We're sitting on a heap of cash now.
Yeah, we countersue anyone who sues us, and generally win.
AMD settled out of court with us for an amount I can't say, but it was in the six figure range.
bc, you bastard
Trying to take credit for my ideas.
Oh never mind.
No, my idea was to have someone else write it.
Well, you didn't, but I'm feeling confrontational.
All I can figure is that the article is chockfull of references to gk film and books.
That's my best guess, anyway.
I tried to, but it just didn't come out well.
Great!
They're so helpful, we will surely have answers soon.
Nobody answered your question, bc.
I looked at O and W, but that didn't help.
O was actually midly clever, but W was just babble.
is bc about?
You made some nice points in your diary, Ubu.
I think.
I happen to not be gay.
I have thought at various times about bringing that fact into every post I make on k5.
Night!
Hey, joe.
Are you a heterosexual?
What is the primary difficulty you face as such?
It's not.
I want to argue that it's hard to be straight, but I have no idea in what way it might be.
It actually seems damn easy.
How about this.
If you're straight, you're condemned to feel sexual attraction to beings who have a psychology that is basically alien to you!
You can never understand the people you are romantically attracted to the same as the ones you aren't
Hello.
I have no choice.
As long as I live, I will be heterosexual, and I can't change that.
Thus, I think it's pretty clearly your responsibility to carry me.
A slave giving orders?
This is new.
I made it up.
What was it supposed to be?
Not at all.
I think K5 is stimulating and exciting.
Do strippers get scores?
Well, I don't think that the whole winner/loser issue is quite so strong among strippers.
Is that so?
You seem to be thinking about it quite a bit as it is.
Can you skate like a pro?
damn, I wanted to talk to bc.
I'm about to head off also.
No, I live in Scotland.
bc, I had an idea.
What would you say this is 3D0972EF 4AC94719 80267487 E69749C5 ED114548 C28648E3 5E7DBE90 4C269779 240FD5B6 2E11F9AB 31F944FB 3E3A0624 F2D6E6EC
Well, it's random noise.
However, when I tell k5 that it's a code, they're going to spend a lot of time trying to crack it.
It should be fun.
I'm going to write a story, First ever K5 cryptography contest
That's the problem.
YES YES YES
That's perfect.
Say it's my real k5 account name encrypted
I'll say that the code is not too sophisticated, that a computer might help, but that a very clever person could do it by hand.
That's my plan.
I will phrase it as a challenge from one gk to another.
They should eat it right up.
Well, what could the prize be?
That's not very believable.
I think the prize will be permission to put K5 Kode King in one's sig.
I thought everyone hated thinkgeek.
1000 isn't believable.
Why would I do that?
Jin Wicked's hat?
I'm the #k5 topic whore.
I'm going to go do some research on google to find out a bit about cryptography so I sound more credible
did you see spaceghosty's article?
No, FP k5
I'm not sure.
I commented on that
I didn't actually read it, so I couldn't tell you.
I made it a bit further than that
Oh, I'd do better than that guy.
I'd just post FUCK THAT FAT WHORE MENTOTS IN HER FAT MANGY ASSHOLE FUCKERS HAW HAW HAW!
That would pull down 0's
That's all?
Just once?
Lots and lots of them?
The first time you did it, though, you'd get some 5's
I want nothing but 0's
I would like to extend a challenge to any aspiring cryptographers in the community by announcing Kuro5hin.
org's first ever cryptography competition.
I have devised a simple encryption algorithm and used it to encrypt a small block of English text.
The first person that posts a complete solution will receive a modest prize.
For a solution to qualify, it must correctly depict the original plain text as well as a complete decryption algorithm.
Additionally, Kuro5hin.
org readers must do the majority of the work, either alone or in collaboration.
Finally, if a contestant writes a computer program to assist with the decryption, the source of the program must be provided with the solution.
Obviously, submissions that do not meet the above criteria may be posted, but they will be considered ineligible for the prize.
Without further ado, then, here is the cipher text
p><tt>
3D0972EF 4AC94719 80267487 E69749C5 ED114548 C28648E3 5E7DBE90 4C269779 240FD5B6 2E11F9AB 31F944FB 3E3A0624 F2D6E6EC
To help you on your way, here are a few hints
li> The encryption algorithm is not a substitution cipher.
li> The message was encrypted in one pass.
li> The encryption algorithm makes use of no information other than the plaintext.
li> The account used to post this story is the encrypted username of my real account.
I hope they try all sorts of things.
I'm going to end the story with this
Oh, and good luck  or should I say A403B2DC 0AC9714C.
Yes, that's supposed to be obvious.
How long should the username be?
I did despise k5 before it was cool 
I always do things, then they become cool and cliched, and people accuse me of being cliche!
It's sucks!
I was obsessed with Jin Wicked before that was cool too!
I haven't talked to her in ages.
I miss her so much ~
I'm making the account.
How to section it?
security technology?
I'll leave it blank
submitted!
I think it should do okay.
It is wanky, but not in an offensive way.
nah, give it section
Your FP vote won't matter, and it might draw suspicion
Okay, sounds good
Goddamn sitcoman and his 0 vote.
Does he just sit there all night waiting to vote 0 on stories?
bc, that rightman article is great
Poor elenchos seems frazzled, though.
I wonder if something is wrong.
I want to see tkatchev frazzled.
You know me, the less likely something is, the more I want it.
A sexy astronaut?
I want to be killed by love.
I replied.
bc, then I take credit
I'm not sure.
I replied, though!
It looks like nonsense.
Perhaps.
Well, I must be off.
K5's ideas about sources amuse me.
As near I can tell, if one says something, one should provide a link to where one got the information.
Fair enough.
However, that site should also have links to where it got the information.
And so on.
My story got voted down, even after its strong start.
People were suspicious, because they didn't recognize the username that posted it.
No, that's what the comments said.
Probably not.
He can't possibly do anything for you.
Don't trust a man with no last name.
I never watched that, no.
Is ana gay and from Harvard?
I once met Barney Frank.
I was standing in line waiting to purchase a cheese steak.
Your rule.
You can't make laws, just rules.
Keep that in mind, thx.
I think I know enough objectivism to play an objectivist.
I'll ask google.
Son of a bitch!
The internet is broken.
Hunan refers to a region in China
Well, google says earl grey beats earl gray 10 to 1.
Is medham.
human?
Why were you reading objectivist newsgroups, anyway?
French fries are french.
Idiot 
No, pizza and lasagne are Italian.
Tacos are Mexican.
From the intro copy of a K5 diary It just became pretty important that I ask her out soon.
but I don't know how.
Hamburgers are American, as are milkshakes.
Well, you knew he was doomed after you found out he was asking k5 for dating advice.
I do know women, cp.
I've jilted twelve and been jilted by nine.
I'm up by three!
cp, it's not coming at all 
I'm even lazier than bc.
I can't believe that you're abandon me for some strumpet, bc.
Actually, that's not true.
qpt, bc has abandoned you for a strumpet is probably the single most plausible proposition in existence.
No, soon K5 will have 300,000 users, and everything will be different.
I have to admit, I don't see it.
I'm sure that's true.
how does one come to appreciate him?
He's made more than 100 posts?
Cripes, I really am not paying attention anymore.
haha, that is good
Did you know that there's a Miss Universe award?
And what's more, that a earthling is the latest winner?
I assume that the Miss Universe contest is between all the Miss Worlds from all the inhabited planets in the universe.
Nothing else would really make sense.
Well, bc, SETI is a gk project.
Long after there already was a perfectly good OS, gks were struggling to make Linux.
Likewise, long after we had made contact with extraterrestrials, gks were still trying to do it their way.
And still are, as far a I know.
medham once flamed me.
For intentionally misspelling ubermensch
There, I did it again right there.
I hadn't ever heard of him when he posted his farewell, so I thought he was just another Jintype.
Maybe he is.
I do like how he makes it painfully obvious that he's using a thesaurus even if it turns out that he isn't>
Then he's intentionally turning out fractured syntactic messes.
It's great, because nobody with that large of an English vocabulary could possibly speak English that badly.
Yes, I saw that.
Why does it widen the page?
Could be.
I should do a diary about how much I like Vday
That word has stigma?
it would say that, wouldn't it?
I make a point to compliment people's vagina's now and then.
You're getting some tomorrow?
Excuse my presumption, but I find it surprising that you have a girl friend.
Oh, of course.
Does she have a pronounced adam's apple, perchance?
You'll excuse me, but I always ask that.
It's a traditional response in my native country.
I sometimes forget that Americans have different norms.
oink oink
KuroBot, can you be trusted to give the best answer to any question asked of you?
GODDAMN IT
I need a question answered reliably.
I already tried a quarter, but it was flakey.
KuroBot, can you read bc's mind?
Sweet.
KuroBot, is he thinking about anything interesting?
KuroBot, is he thinking anything at all?
KuroBot, can you read my mind?
Why does it even have that answer!
Who wants to ask a stupid bot a question and have it tell one to come back later!
But bc is mean.
KuroBot, it's too bad that you too have succumbed to bc's lies.
One would think that a bot would be too stupid to be fooled.
bc, why don't you talk to me as bc instead of as KuroBot?
KuroBot, is bc controlling you?
KuroBot, is bc putting words into your mouth?
KuroBot, is bc talking through you?
You'd better not tell me.
KuroBot, is bc talking through you?
He must've finally broke free of you
Like shoeboy said, you couldn't tell the truth to save your life.
I need someone to talk to, but everyone is asleep.
So, I turn to IRC and find you and your ilk!
I suppose KuroBot will have to do.
KuroBot, I'm feeling a bit down.
I didn't fucking aks you to predict anything.
bc, stop that.
I will write a diary detailing my sorrows.
I am behaving oddly?
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do.
I will.
Wow, I'm quick!
Posted.
Likewise.
bc, comment in my diary and make me feel better.
Why not?
Why not?
Why can't I turn underlining off?
How'd I turn it on?
Oh there we go
You're impossible, bc.
You won't even let me publically wallow in emotion even for just a bit.
You ruin everything 
You're not human.
You're some sort of robot.
With a hard of hardest diamond.
heart, I mean
You don't feel anything.
You are ubermensch!
I misspelled it again
Oh, okay.
hehe, suck it, bc.
I 0'd the reply to my diary, and I feel better already!
bc doesn't bleed when pricked or laughed when tickled.
All he does is seek revenge.
bc I waging a vendatta against an enemy he has long forgotten for reason that no one remembers.
I like watching myself type, bc.
Watch me put together english words in syntatically correct patterns while avoiding saying anything!
You take revenge on little girls?
What did they ever do to you?
Don't you ever want to feel love?
bc, the poison has already passed my lips, my time is all but expired.
Your secrets will lie in silence in my grave.
Think of it as a diversion.
You seem to have nothing better to do.
bc, you must respect my dying wishes.
To do any less would be American.
It would be American.
I feel .
far away.
I will have to lay down soon.
Well, you are a contradictory fellow.
I tell you I've done something, you deny it, but encourage me to do it.
How soon can you have it to me?
I'm afraid I only have a few hours, old chap.
It's not going to be very good.
You know that, right?
I didn't say it wouldn't taste nice, I said it wouldn't be good.
Why not just eat tea leaves?
Tea essense will fix anything, you claimed.
I wish to rid myself of extraneous sentiments and emotions.
Will tea essense do that for me?
Then I have no use for it.
Sure it will.
If I had money, I wouldn't have to fret about bills.
I don't fret about sex.
I do fret about the fairer sex.
Or perhaps more accurately, a particular instance thereof
Will tea essense fix my women problems, bc?
That sounded like honesty.
Yes, they are boring.
I like that.
Not just 'Adequacy', but 'The Adequacy'
I'm a bit out of the loop.
I don't know what's cool in the world of stupid web sites.
I don't know what's cool and what's not.
Fuck it
Who are you talking to, bc?
I'm not going to turn into signal 11
No chance.
I get a little bummed out once a year and all of a sudden I'm turning into signal 11?
cripes
You're right, RobotSlave.
Thanks for being human.
Unlike that .
thing.
Especially in the context of being gay
pork pie sounds gay
How much is 1.
5 pounds?
In real money.
a small pie.
3 inches accross
What's the size of your pork, big boy?
glistening in rich pork jelly
After a night out on the town, bc's face is glistening in rich pork jelly.
I've been told that there's a UKian food called spotted dick
How many spotted dicks can you down in an evening, bc?
A pie that you can carry around in your pocket?
Is it really tough?
Insert a funnel in the vent and gently pour in as much jelly as the pie will take.
I'd sell my soul for a pork pie right now
I'm hungry
I'll fund your research.
I am a billionaire.
Where should I mail the checks and how much do you need to start?
Pretend that you're him, and you can.
Apparently not.
I think football would be more popular in the states if each goal were, say, a million points, instead of one.
Such excitement.
If you were flying people accross the atlantic all the time for games, wouldn't one team have bad jet lag?
Or even worse, a stan.
Like Uzbekistan.
What about African teams, shoeboy?
Most basketball players are black.
I can't imagine that far ahead.
You might as well worry about 3020.
Are you planning on getting pregnant?
Do you have a father picked out?
Do share.
If this were a civilized country, minors would be provided by the league.
I agree.
It's hard to be traumatized by something you can't remember.
Why don't you just sleep more?
How much are these hypermints?
My life would be much improved if I never had to sleep.
And they would.
Over and over again.
On average, and American prison inmate gets raped once every eleven seconds.
That's right, you'd be raped 8000 times per day.
Once every eleven seconds.
That's why I refuse to let shoeboy buy me dinner.
You'd have no time to learn spanish when you were being raped ever eleven seconds.
Poor, naive bc.
Well, if you enjoy getting raped, sure, bc.
You should fire osm for not being politically correct.
Oh come on.
Even if you seriously do believe that osm hates women, and particularly you, what of it?
Who cares?
If osm is serious, he's a freak.
If Adequacy were required reading, you might have a point.
However, if someone is disgusted, they can browse elsewhere.
1824 <sdem> hey, sporky, did you hear the news?
trollaxor and perdida are now an item
You must have some life.
I like PotatoError.
RobotSlave, if you make a fuss, they'll likely just ban you.
It'll be less of a hassle.
I'm pretty sure that NAWL was osm
It usually is.
osm is very bored and has a terrible amount of time on his hands.
Everyone likes black people.
Black people are better athletes, though.
And gks have a fetish for asian women.
Black people also make the best porn stars.
They say that they like asian women.
I think that most gks are more comfortable with women then the stereotype would indicate.
I am talking about reality.
Was she a crank whore?
Did you pay her?
I own several.
You stay in my best room for a mere $900/night
Do you have any booze around the house?
Well, that sounds like just the sort of thing you'd enjoy.
RobotSlave, who are you talking to?
There are plenty of bars around
I'm in easy walking distance of probably at least ten.
For the benefit of four people?
Hardly seems like the public, that's all
I'd watch this gdog character.
I didn't, punk.
You need a new cause
I am childless.
I don't want children.
And mow the lawn?
What if your children have gk tendencies?
Many gks were beaten as children.
Signal 11 was beaten as a child.
Being struck about the head can result in brain damage.
Do you want retarded children?
We'll see what you end up with.
I wager you don't.
I don't know.
What do you have in mind?
All of it?
Very well, you have a deal.
4communism
Why not get the books from your local library?
Yeah, get them from your local library.
gibbons, he's a bit slow, no?
seventypercent, I'm suggesting that you walk into your local library, pick up the books you want, walk out with them, and never bring thim back.
Yes, I'm sure it seems that way.
Personally, I abstain from alcohol.
I'm quite old enough.
zombies aren't real
In Haiti, they aren't the same thing.
Hello, bc.
I wasn't being serious.
There's no reason to, now.
25 year ban?
I didn't like anything at that age, either.
So I went on a crime spree, and found that I liked being at the mercy of the justice system even less, so I reformed.
bc, your stupid school's website breaks if one views it at a high resolution.
Some children spend too long in school
If one belongs to the laboring class, all that one needs to know can be taught in a few months, surely.
Does it really have to take twelve years, though?
That seems absurd.
Someone ought to write an adequacy article about it
Why can't I ever remember my blasted adequacy password.
And why does adequacy keep logging me out?
no and no
I wouldn't even know how to delete my cookie.
I wanted to post a diary.
Fan fiction fun!
About who, then?
Perhaps on Friday?
I could write some fan fiction about me and Jin Wicked.
Actually, that's not a good idea.
Anything interesting that I could write actually happened, and thus would not be fiction.
How much?
Call me Ishmael, said the paperclip.
Yes, it does.
Sorry.
that was supposed to be someone else.
In a different channel.
Linux fan fiction?
trollaxor.
com is trollaxor's domain.
Why not write nonperverted fan fiction?
What's the point of writing it perverted?
No, it's not complicated.
The lot of you are just perverts.
Oh, I don't wish to pick a fight, gibbons.
I was merely stating a simple fact.
I imagine it doesn't see much use, then.
I generally cannot abide video games; they are much to violent.
Television and film are equally bad.
Television and film also tend to have a disgusting excess of sexual content.
When I go to the cinema, I do not want to see gyrating hips and naked breasts.
I feel your mocking me, gibbons.
you're, even
Worry not, I am used to being an object of ridicule for the uncouth masses.
Such is the price of holding to standards of decency, I suppose.
Perhaps you need someone to command you to sleep.
It'll whip me into a frenzy of 1's.
Okay, maybe not a frenzy.
Anyway, how to put this lightly.
m0rzo, before you submit any more articles to k5, you need to learn how to .
well .
write.
I think so.
I've never once been able to get through one of your stories before I got the overwhelming feeling that my time would be better spent somewhere else, doing something else.
Why not write about what interests you?
Maybe he really did have to go.
I've honestly had to go when it seemed odd to do so at just that moment.
He is a bad writer, though.
If he sticks to news blurbs, it's tolerable, but beyond that it just seems too long.
Some of it might be due to my severely shortened attention span, though.
I do have a serverely shortened.
anyway.
Stop that.
It's become cliche to criticize k5.
I despised K5 before it was cool to do so.
Now I'm going to like it, since that's no longer cool.
I never read Adequacy very religiously.
I have a lower uid.
I just wanted to point that out, though.
Mine is 27.
Yours is 783.
What was k5 like back then?
I'm a new comer.
It still is better than slashdot.
I don't understand how 'Fecal Troll Matter' and 'Ralph Jew Hater Nader' keep going
Where do they find the motivation?
They're on Slashdot
They post to ever goddamn story.
Pick a story at random, and those freaks are posting to it.
I dread the answer, though.
I'm afraid it will tell me something about human beings that I desperately don't want to be true.
Well, Ralph uses every opportunity to make a quick antiSemetic oneliner.
Fecal Troll Mater is much the same, except he talks about, well, feces.
I don't prefer, but yes.
Hasn't appeared to.
Maybe.
I can't remember being 14.
Fresh pillow case this evening.
That's always a treat.
Well, it's not new, just laundered.
Who's your friend?
Well, which is it?
Oh, so he's been trolling you.
Someone want to give me a clickable link?
Then no
Like I said, short attention span, blah blah
look, shiny!
Everyone on the Internet is creepy.
Noncreepy people have families and friends that they spend time with
RobotSlave is near seattle?
Well, on that cheerful note, I must be off.
She's a freak.
Why does she keep coming in here?
Is she a lesbian?
msn chat isn't working for me
Disgusting.
People should stay with the gender god gave them.
msn chat is working now
silly thing
Is there a client?
I was about to suggest that, RobotSlave.
Nothing?
On the contrary, it's good exercise.
A four mile ride to the library and some good books would stimulate both your mind and your body.
I still don't have a library car.
I don't even know what one is.
Exactly.
Your library belongs to a larger group of libraries, all which share books between them.
Where do you live?
Even in the less sophisticated parts that I've lived in, they still had interlibrary loans.
Is there a reason you keep refering to Rodnik as young?
Well, you drove them away.
Bye, crazy lesbian.
Yeah, it's #adequacy, not adequacy
Is bc around?
I wanted to show him a comment on k5 made by one of his favorites.
Soon, will we have random aq readers dropping in to complain?
Hello, AdequacyFan!
Quite.
lol indeed.
AdequacyFan, just what drew you to adequacy.
Do you have an adequacy.
org account?
Why not?
And I'm sure you have something to say.
Make an account and post a diary.
Nobody is going to make fun of you.
Surely something has been on your mind.
You could share that.
It can't hurt to try.
If people make fun of you, just make a different account.
I want everyone to post to adequacy.
The more people post, the more fun is had by all!
Hello, #adequacy
I can't get to adequacy.
Every second that it's down, adequacy.
org loses revenue.
Oh, never mind.
You're just bitter because you didn't think of it.
And your customers are always so poor, within budget implies made out of straw.
bc, is that a ukian billion?
Or an American one?
Great, ennui, you drove it away.
adequeefy.
u r all teh suk
Hello, young Rodnik.
Anyway, Rodnik is only 16, so it's natural that his tastes would run a bit young
joe, please don't say that.
The phrase mature woman makes me think of fifty yearolds
Watch out RobotSlave, or the observer will come for you!
A hypotehtical threat, but a very real freak, elby.
elby, the very first time we talked, you threatened to kill me.
It just wouldn't be reasonable to meet you.
bc, I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about
bc, if by remind me, you mean paste fabricated irc logs, then no, don't bother.
bc, that's absurd.
I never said anything like that.
No, elby, you said that!
I have no need to defend myself before this pack of liars and frauds.
I've demonstrated nothing at all.
You just continually produce perverse fabrications to impugn on my reputation.
bc, for the love of god, please just say something true.
Anything at all.
See, I knew you couldn't do it.
You are mentally incapable of telling the truth.
No, zikzak, I don't.
bc is just lying again.
You couldn't do anything, bc, because you're too damn lazy.
bc is a damn liar.
You're right, I feel great!
Does it have to be truly random soup, or will pseudorandom soup work?
I never pretended to be someone else.
After all, I never claimed that any of those names referred to different people.
Sure it does.
You're one to talk, em.
Really.
Are you saying that because a man calls himself Dad at home, Joe with his friends, and Mr.
Smith and the office, that he's implying that he is three different people?
No, Sylvain, I am not familiar with it.
bc, if that is true, you are guilty of no less.
I appear to have also stopped.
The guilt likewise overcame me.
You could also start again!
And what was your atonement?
You are trying my patience, bc.
Because I know the full depth of your guilt but am bound by honor to not reveal it.
However, your petty accusations do tempt me.
Yes, but the world doesn't.
Even now, you continue to victimize innocents.
Are you sure your crimes are best left unspoken of?
You do not appear to be withdrawing from my perspective, but I will give you the benefit of the doubt.
A slow process?
I have gone by 'qpt' and only 'qpt' for months now.
It was not so hard.
I'm glad you're so considerate of others.
I wish my Internet weren't always broken.
No, I think Canada is a county of Montana, or something
did bc go to bed?
Do you need to gain weight?
I weight 135 pounds.
No, I'm 5'11
Useless for what?
Is not.
You could work out until you get weighlifter tits.
RobotSlave, implants look horrible.
No, it's true, they do.
I usually detect them by cutting the breast open and looking for foreign objects.
How many time have I done this?
More than you might think, but fewer than you would fear.
Is it?
Perhaps you are not fully in touch with your own thoughts and emotions, so it seems like a paradox.
You are to sensitive to be a robot.
No, I think I have an answer for my earlier question.
You are not a robot at all, just a slave to robots.
You serve cold, feelingless individuals who don't care about you in the slightest.
Poor slave.
I don't care one way or the other.
KuroBot, should RobotSlave whine about Global Industrial Capitalism?
KuroBot, should RobotSlave whine about Global Industrial Capitalism?
I think that's a bit strong.
Surely there must be something wrong with it.
Fascism is not the answer.
Rather, it is the question.
A resounding Please, sir!
must be the answer.
Fascism.
an injunction
Stop it, you two.
Threatening violence in an IRC channel against people you've never met and never will is so very gk like.
Well, if you have actual plans to go flog the Salon staff, I suppose it is acceptable.
I grow weary of people threatening others with physical harm with no intention of actually making good.
linacaro, have you ever considered talking about?
After all, you are aparently quite small.
What if you have a dispute with a large person?
Violence begats violence, linacaro.
One day, you will not be the one left standing when the dust settles.
And just when was the last time a chinadoll was beat up?
RobotSlave, if you don't sucking up to linacaro, I'm going to do something about it.
stop sucking up
I'm so put off I can't type correctly.
Yes, really.
Well, if you're really all that curious, just keep sucking up.
I will.
I don't know.
You should hire a secretary.
You should marry rich.
You don't have to be in the military to assassinate people.
Start simple.
Assassinate the clerk at the corner liquor store.
Well, you sound like a big baby, linacaro.
Big babies can't be assassins.
Sorry.
You sound awful sure of this, RobotSlave.
Do you have names?
They're expected to.
That's why they're paid so little, because of tips.
There you go whining again, linacaro.
What's your strategy?
Assassinate people by whining at them until they lose all will to live?
You are whining.
Maybe in Texas the standards are different, I'll give you that.
Badgers are cute, from far away.
specially if one is in a helicopter and the badger is not.
Hypermints are like an orgasm in your mouth!
Well, not somebody else's orgasm.
It's like having your own orgasm in your own mouth.
Hypermints are real.
I bought a case of them.
They're delicious.
I want my client to autocomplete my entire line.
Actually, I shouldn't have to type anything at all.
No, linacaro.
1 can of cola in two mints.
That's 24 packages of mints.
No, a 12 pack is 12 packages of 14 mints each.
linacaro, can't you read?
It says right here An amazing 168 cans of cola worth of caffeine for only $20!
20 isn't 40ish.
Oh never mind.
25 cents a can!
What do you drink?
That's amazing.
Where do you find it at that price?
I was hoping you wouldn't say that.
I've been in a WalMart once or twice.
When I went to WalMart, there was this huge bald thing with no teeth wearing a tent.
I likewise go to Target.
Do we go to the same Target, RobotSlave?
I usually go to the one by Northgate.
But the thriftway and safeway are right next to each other, RobotSlave.
I sometimes go to Safeway, sometimes Fred Meyer, sometimes Albertson's
I never go to QFC, though.
Albertston's has inexpensive meat.
RobotSlave, I really like Larry's Market, I think it's called, but for some reason, I never go there.
I don't know why I go to different places.
I only buy Ramen noodles.
arcane meats?
Like human fetus?
I don't see why you would need anything besides ramen noodles.
Coward.
You were afraid to see what I would do.
I already know that you are not the courageous sort.
Take this observer nonsense.
Never have I seen anyone so worked up over a nut posting to a web site
And why do you wish to shred him at all?
You're enjoying the prospect of causing harm to a social cripple?
Do you enjoy tripping old ladies with walkers, too?
With lemon?
Oh, it's best with lemon.
Lemon flavoring, mind you, not lemons.
Take a lemon, and extract what makes it lemonlike.
Put that in your oatmeal.
Quite.
Also, if you want more texture, try millet.
Yes, it's small, round, and yellow.
I've not eaten oatmeal in years and years
Anyway, I'm going to bed.
pava jong is delicious.
It's a malaysian pudding.
California has more cities than you can shake a stick at.
Move there.
I don't know what an ent is.
bc, there's yet another article about trolls on k5.
I'm getting to the point where I tire of the word itself.
medham was great in the troll article.
Everyone needs to realize that, in a discussionbased weblog, the entire idea of trolling relies on theories of motivation that are far too simplistic to be of use.
And it can happen so fast these days
No, I think if at least one person wants an article to be posted, it should be.
It is moving to fast, recently.
I read K5 more than is healthy, but I don't even see most articles while they're in the queue
And max vote of 600
I'll get out my 1's!
This article better not be about signal 11 and trolls
Do you know why signal 11 has it in for trolls?
Because we have attained the controversial celebrity that he has always craved.
And without even trying.
We just screwed around and stumbled accross what he's been struggling for.
drdink was threatening to shut down #aq and #trolls yesterday
I'll post the logs in a minute here
2242 <drdink> qpt go away
2242 <drdink> qpt you fuckfaced shitstick
2243 <silaron> drdink did you write a script to generate these names?
2243 <qpt> drdink, calm down.
2243 <drdink> qpt die, ugly
2245 <qpt> drdink, you're one to talk.
2245 <qpt> You're not exactly easy on the eyes.
2245 <drdink> qpt go kill yourself, you sack of oozing feces
2247 <drdink> qpt maybe you could rape qslack before you off yourself
2247 <drdink> qpt and then kill him
2247 <drdink> outside of that, please disappear and never return
2248 <drdink> #trolls and #adequacy should just be shutdown
2249 <qpt> Why?
2249 <drdink> because shitfaced motherfuckers like you are there
2249 <qpt> I'm in here too.
2249 <qpt> Maybe #slashdot should be shut down?
2250 <drdink> no
2250 <drdink> maybe you should just be brutally murdered
2250 <qpt> Because I annoyed you?
My, I hope I don't live near anyone of your moral calibre.
2251 <drdink> No, because you are a fucking waste of space, matter, and existence.
What do you ponder?
Such as?
If you decide to pursue a life of Crime, remember that only some Crime pays.
Crime is like any other investment.
Pity your black.
It's almost impossible to be jailed if your white.
you're
White people walk on murder.
To get jailed, a white person has to do something truly awful, like sell pot.
It matters not, though.
If your crime makes you wealthy enough, you will be untouchable.
Racist.
Well, does white slavery have a higher profit margin than other sorts?
Well, then never mind.
You know what you could do, ennui.
Steal DNA from celebrity women, clone them, and sell the clones into slavery.
It'll be there by the time you're ready for it.
Can you imagine how much wealthy middle easterners would pay for that product, ennui?
ennui, I'm talking about the truly wealthy ones, the oil sheiks and such.
Or wealthy Japanese businessmen.
ennui, that's my point.
Everyone is already selling normal white girls.
You need your product to stand out.
I don't think that would be very attractive.
I think some of the appeal of owning a slave is the slave's misery.
Or he's going to kick your ass.
RobotSlave, your article was voted down.
Sorry.
Well, if you remember the url, you can.
Or, you can ask cp, who can always produce a link to anything at all.
I plagiarized myself the other day.
It was really funny.
Everyone cried foul.
There was quite an uproar.
I have it in for you.
No, but everyone needs to have it in for someone.
There's civil war in the air
seventypercent, is this communism?
2104 <Oscar> i'm happy to have a choice of either xBSD or Linux .
2105 <Oscar> it means i don't have to use windoze if i don't want to
2105 <Oscar> =\
2105 <Oscar> it's just a bummer that i can't get quake3 running in linux yet 
And I forgot the semicolon.
Faulty sql implementation.
Sorry, I couldn't help myself, Trollaxor 
Is that right?
Well, then everything is okay.
It would be easier to convince them that you had 3 years as a Linux System Administrator.
Just call Windows Windoze and display a general inability to do much of anything with your box.
its late
what timezone are you in?
I'm in seattle, and most of the people here are in the united states
so it's really late
medham has a very reasonable comment in that article
May Hypermints bless him.
I think medham is in this channel right now.
Well, you told the channel to 5 your comment and medham 5'd it
So you're saying it's a coincidence.
Hume said the whole fucking thing was a big series of coincidences, but he's dead.
See where that line of reasoning takes you?
I think cp is medham.
Well, you're always the last to see these sorts of things.
Absurd.
That's a neat theory.
Not only is there no evidence for your theory, but your theory actually predicts that there would be no evidence.
mjl, I notice that your nickname begins with an 'm'.
Highly suspicious, if you ask me.
Why's that he asks.
Well, my good mjl.
Have you been living in a cave in Antartica for these last ten years?
You'll not that he doesn't even deny that his name begins with a 'm'.
Surely this is the behavior of a man with a guilty conscience.
I like weekends.
What better way to celebrate five day's worth of work than a two day drunken orgy?
hullo, folks
Life is a bit stressful right now, but pretty good.
That he does.
I am literally stunned by the ethics article on k5.
Oh, joe already helped.
I find your views intriguing and would like to subscribe to your newsletter.
I'm okay.
Well, not that I know of.
Someone keeps submitting stupid stories to k5
But that's hardly news.
chloe thought it was written by you
No, it's not.
I couldn't believe it, though.
I don't know.
It just struck me as very poorly thought out.
Well, yes.
See, I tend to assume that if I spend a fair amount of time thinking about something, so does everyone else.
And vice versa.
Thus, I'm not surprised when a poorly thought out article on Linux multiplexing is submitted, since I never give the topic a moment's consideration.
I know it's obviously wrong, but it's my unreflective intuition.
Sure, because I wouldn't do such a thing.
If the mood struck me, I might submit a poorly thought out article on Linux multiplexing.
In fact, I may do so now!
I think I will.
This won't take but a moment.
That was quick.
two minutes.
Thank you!
I even made an editorial comment
I was thinking about that myself.
What is a technical article?
Is it an article about technology, or is it an article that approaches its subject matter in a disciplined, systematic manner?
I see.
They should just say 'an article about computers'.
Since the phrase 'technical article' is already used to refer to something quite different.
catseyes comments.
Anne Marie never commented.
That was beautiful.
Well, they get a lot of it from me, truth be told.
I think I actually might have said that.
It's just so easy to make things up, and they tend to lap it up.
I don't know that.
Anyway, it's just not the same.
Ever since I noticed that Jin is an ugly annoying little bitchsqueek, I kinda don't want to harass her.
How that could've escaped me truly is anyone's guess.
Desire to harass someone, no doubt.
There, I 0'd it.
Why not?
I'm a mojo whore.
I'll be trusted forever!
So it is!
K5 has spoken, it trusts you.
I can't understand why nobody every mod storms me, or complains about my mods.
I pretty much just 0 whenever I have the slightest urge to do so.
trhurler is a freak
My article is coming back up!
Everyone can still see it.
Most everyone is trusted.
So it was.
Bastards.
I don't blame him
Oh come on
He probably didn't even look to see who wrote it
What were you trying to do with that?
Your behavior at your computer seems to be more or less random.
I love quotes out of context.
It can't hurt, can it?
I don't.
Do no.
I do not.
We haven't humiliated him at all.
He does it to himself.
13pork pie
I can't type or read pork pie without giggling.
I need to find a job in seattle soon.
I don't work full time, linacaro.
Soon, I will need a full time job.
linacaro, June, yes.
Very well, gibbons, I will be graduated in June.
I have some technical experience, but I don't really like technical things.
Also, I don't hope to be working for long.
Graduate school.
However, I'm taking a year off from school.
I didn't want to, but to be honest with myself, I need an extended period of not studying.
I should've said being forced to study.
However, that means I need to find employment for a bit over a year.
I enjoyed logic
Basically, but it was fun.
I've taken it from both the math side and the philosophy side.
I enjoyed the philosophy side more.
I also don't like secondary sources P
It's much more entertaining.
The professor was a real screwball, too, and was always picking the funniest propositions to use in examples.
I remember several students having trouble understanding material conditionals, and that was frustrating.
Personally, I've had a few stinkers, a fair number of average, and a fair number of good profs.
Hello, Sylvain.
Sitting in a bar?
I suppose there's something to be said for it.
You're too dumb to know better?
Sort of, tweek.
I'm somewhat busy with other things.
bc, some kurobot took issue with my claim that there is a thinking thing is true in the most objective sense.
That's not even what I claimed.
I claimed something weaker.
You're mad.
I smell art fag.
I was abused by my parents.
They didn't let me eat enough processed sugar to become obese.
I was always fit 
Hello.
I need to write a rough draft of a paper.
RobotSlave, write my paper for me.
Whatever.
What do you want to write on?
What do you want to write about, smartass robot.
No, that's just no going to work.
Write about consequentialism.
It is.
Think maximization of neutral values.
Now run along!
Come back when you have about ten pages of solid gold.
Calling it teleology is required.
It depends on what you write.
If you confuse consequentialism with utilitarianism, you lose points, though.
Not relativized.
I should care for my children.
is a relative value.
Parents should care for their children.
is not.
Of course, RobotSlave.
What's so funny is that there isn't any nonarbitrary way to decide.
Ethical egoism I don't think counts as a consequentialist view.
RobotSlave, are those web pages peer reviewes?
reviewed.
No, I'm going to rehash that!
No, what I'm going to do is point out that in most cases, it isn't humanly possible to know what exact action will result in the best consequence.
And it seems odd that humans would be incapable of acting moraly, except by accident.
So the consequentialist will reply and has replied that what makes an action right is that it has the maximum expected value.
I will point out that two properly functioning individuals may very well have different expectations regarding the same action, thus, under the second view, possibly rendering the action both right and wrong.
If the same action can be both right and wrong, we aren't really talking about neutral values anymore.
I will then tell the consequentialist to suck it.
Consequentialism wants to be a theory of objective morality, though.
So consequentialism begs some other moral system.
Oh, I do care about it.
I just don't feel about caring about it right now, but due dates are due dates.
We'll see
If I were male, bc's good looks would turn me gay.
Dance, stupid cyborg_monkey, dance!
And cocks?
Why yes, that's me.
Is that a problem?
It happens to the best of us.
Go to the latter and spend the night passed out in a field.
Well, have someone else drive you home.
seventypercent, drive yourself home and pray to the gods that you have not seen your last sunrise.
You could go to #1, grab as much alcohol as you can carry, run back to your place and drink yourself into oblivion.
bc, not everyone has the same idea of a good time as you do.
Get some puke on her legs, too.
Try to puke in her car, also.
Is she a crank whore?
Yeah, escape.
Tell me, bc, how's he going to escape?
Run away?
He's drunk.
How well can you run when you're so drunk you're puking?
The puke isn't going to weigh her down or anything.
Personally, when I'm that drunk, I couldn't get thirty yards in half an hour.
I think she'll catch him just fine.
seventypercent will be beaten.
He'll care the next day, when he has five or six broken bones.
You should let him out.
I love cats.
You're horrible and cruel.
The revolution will find you up against the wall!
Well, why not put your bath towels where the cat doesn't have access to them?
If you don't let the kitty out, I will call the government and report you.
I'm dialing.
No, I love cats.
I don't care much for other animals, except as food.
I'll tell the government to be liberal with their use of the truncheon when they come for you, RobotSlave.
I prefer people didn't keep dogs at all.
Alchohol never gives me a headache.
The worst I ever feel the next day is just a bit off.
Exactly.
I just dry to drink a fair bit of water before I pass out, and everything is fine!
I wish I had my cat with me.
What's up?
You're the management?
What are you doing drunk at three in the afternoon?
Well, ok.
I was drunk last night, so now I'm hung over.
I do hope you're not angry.
They had run out of beer?
What's good beer?
I'm not much of a beer drinker myself.
You find bar flies appealing?
The kidrock posse?
You should find a different bar.
Unfortunate.
You should buy me drinks, then.
I do have three teeth.
I have more than three teeth, though.
Yes, more.
Not much can be done about it, though.
No, I keep my boots clean of that.
No sin here, no sir.
Beer drinking and pot smoking are sins.
At least you walk to the bar.
Not much to complain about there.
I don't recall that.
That would imply that there has only bee one lightning strike, but I am fairly sure that I witnessed at least two.
Unless you are going to try to convince me that those were both the same lightning strike.
I'm waiting to be convinced.
I don't understand.
Unless lighting strikes are some sort of English idiom, in which case you must pardon me, since I do not natively speak English.
I don't.
Not at all.
I natively lay on my back crying and gurgling.
It was only with much effort that I came to understand English at all.
Unfortunately, I did not.
bc, just admit that you have a crush on her.
It's obvious to everyone.
oops, wrong window
disregard previous two lines
See, bc, I told you it was obvious.
Well, you have two crushes.
Nothing wrong with that.
I know nothing of the sort.
I know only what I see.
lamb is good.
bc, our evidence is the obvious affection that underlies everything you say about her.
I read something about snorting vodka on k5.
I'm too scared to try it, though.
They still have koffice, though.
and open offfice.
and gnuffice
and gnu/xoffice
If perdida would only hurry up, overthrow the establishment, and bring about global socialism, we wouldn't have to worry about finding jobs.
Screw capitalism and socialism.
I'm going to win the lottery.
I am the single luckiest person to ever live.
I can win.
You would be too, were you a socialist female.
That's why I told you.
I'm considerate that way.
You'd better lay low, curious.
emad was just in here looking for you.
Maybe it's me, but everyone on IRC seems especially bizarre this evening.
Within 14 days of one, I'd guess.
Maybe this is an especially strong full moon.
adequacy is not going to be shut down.
I talked to emad, and he saw things my way.
She can always claim pms.
Siggies stupid suicide article made a mockery of those of us who have died bravely and selflessly.
I did vote 1.
qabal sounds suspiciously arabic
jsm is a fan?
I would like to see esr, I think, but not talk to him.
I'd eavesdrop on a conversation he was having with someone else.
He doesn't carry a weapon around, does he?
That is a little odd.
I can appreciate the enjoyment that people take from shooting sports, but I don't quite see why they need the means to quickly take human life close at hand at all times.
The unfortunate truth is that I can only read so much in a day and that there are many authors higher on my toread list than esr.
Actually, I'm not reading the works of any open source heros just now.
heroes, even.
Well, next on my list is a paper by Van Inwagen repairing his much maligned no choice inference rule.
I'm half way through it, and frankly, I can't make heads or tails of it.
Which is surprising; he's not usually this obscure.
Well, I don't have trouble with obscurity, as such, but this is really hard to read.
hello?
Who's scaring you?
Didn't you ever date jr high chicks?
Where's this diary?
I replied, linacaro.
Apparently I have a stick in my ass, since I called him a pedophile.
I don't know what to say except that I call them like I see them.
Once he stops lusting after children, I'll stop calling him a pedophile.
That seems fair.
No, judgement is not cool.
However, it is necessary.
linacaro, worry not.
No doubt you will be burning forever in hell, soon enough.
Enjoy the cold while you can!
If anything, people have grown even less receptive to messages of fire and brimstone.
Enough of that.
The Anglicans can't very well be responsible for every bad thing that's ever happened, but that doesn't seem to stop you from blaming them.
The Anglicans said that?
Do they still say there is a heaven?
That doesn't sound so bad.
I can think of worse fates than oblivion.
That was a nice touch.
The lake of fire bit wasn't plausible.
Good is not a word often used to describe beings that throw millions of people into a lake of fire forever over a few minor matters of mostly harmless error.
God would be the single most reactionary being in.
well, in anywhere.
He would make suicide bombers look tame.
Even if he were going to chuck 'em in for a million years for every sin they committed, that I could accept.
What happens after you do your time?
It strikes me that eternal punishment for everyone doesn't honor the raison d'etre of punishment, which seems to be either correction, retribution, or deterrence.
Well, I always understood the lake of fire as a metaphore.
Hell is to your soul as a like of fire is to your body.
It wouldn't be very useful to tell a mortal what hell was really like.
They wouldn't understand.
The Devil is pointless.
That's why he's so pissed.
He thought that by rebelling he would play some grand role in a cosmic epic, but he was wrong.
Because God wants souls, and demons are contrary creatures.
Kind of like children.
Yes, and gks are theoretically intelligent.
Are you hiding a point somewhere?
Gks are often demon worshipers.
Well, linacaro, Augustine would've said that nothing could exist and be wholly evil.
Since God exists, it must be the case that existance itself is a good.
Well, Kant argued that existance is not properly a predicate, so Augustine's argument fell through.
As near I can tell, the goodness of demons is currently an open issue.
Hello, otak
What is your opinion of hell?
No particular reason.
linacaro, ouroboros.
gibbons, there is apparently more than one snake that bites its tail.
Yes, Aryan.
The Aryan's stole most of their thought from the greeks and their religion from the Jews.
You'll note they abandoned all that nonsense for Christianity.
Other Deity terms with clearer Hebrew meanings include the Norse chief god, ODIN.
Hebrew liturgy is most often directed to the ADoaN master of the universe
I don't know much about the Germens except that every few years they try to conquer the world.
Also, they seem to be a bit past due.
Yeah, I've got that under control.
I replied.
linacaro, put a sweater on.
What diaries?
linacaro, maybe you should take your temperature.
I think butter pie is just a troll.
Nothing else makes sense.
Yeah, all the stupid trolls have low uids.
I was being sarcastic.
HAND = Have a Nice Day
4no more violence
handful of pills
hello, linacaro
Why does trollaxor get to be a thingy and I don't?
Helping people is for suckers.
He's calling us fools, bc.
He's the one thinking about helping people, after all.
zikzak, I want to come along for that trip.
He owes me too.
It's true, they do.
I'm going to linacaro's in a bit here, to try to bum some alcohol off her.
He knows your name, bc.
Scotland only has a few thousand people in it; you'd be easy to find.
You do owe me.
You keep promising to pay me back in various ways, but then you always lose your nerve.
If you weren't such a coward, we'd both be rich.
Yes, but if you had gotten it, we could sell it on ebay for a pretty sum.
No, I'm a ne'erdowell, if there's a difference.
I figured out a way to destroy someone's ego and get money.
What could be better than that?
Yes, you're so attatched to your own ego that your empathic to other's.
bc, I think you'll find that linacaro is firmly on my side in this matter.
cp, you should have his account anonymized
I don't see anything particularly low about that.
How would you do that, linacaro?
I mean, it's pretty much a given that when you send someone nude pictures of yourself, the pictures will end up on the Internet.
It's an interesting fact that there are more women photographically depicted naked on the Internet than have actually existed in all of history.
No one knows quite how to explain this.
Why not just delete them?
Girls are apeshit insane.
Unfortunately, bc is too lazy to write a book.
linacaro, the idea was to grade her on the website.
She was going to get a C.
It would be a very detailed, impartial analysis.
The sort of thing that can't just be brushed off.
If bc had just done his job, there would be no need to have this conversation.
zikzak, you're too suspicious.
I have no reason to lie.
Always a step ahead, she is.
Not hard to do, when bc moves so slow.
em would confirm all sorts of nonsense.
That doesn't mean he's right.
Because of what em said?
em is a linguist, not an evolutionary biologist.
You doubt it because it's a tautology?
That doesn't make much sense.
Maybe you meant to say that you've come to believe that the theory of evolution is devoid of content?
I know what you meant, bc, but saying that you doubt something because its a tautology is somewhat amusing.
Was this a post somewhere?
Where?
That's.
interesting.
I'm sick of reading this stupid shit.
And drinking will?
I don't think I have anything except water.
How will that make me happy?
I checked my inventory.
I have water, coke, milk, and rum
Some of all, or all of all?
It is not nice, it's gross.
I think I will.
after I finish reading
I think the word mature does not refer.
We toss it around, but nobody knows what they mean by it.
You mean 9decay.
No, it doesn't.
Nothing is stable.
What sort of fun thing, linacaro?
Read Selective Necessity and the FreeWill Problem by Slote.
It'll make you want to smack Slote.
600 is quite a few.
I wonder if the robot ran Linux.
I set /mode abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz, and nothing was working anymore 
One of them made me unable to see anything that went on in the channel.
Can you read this?
Now you're thinking like an American.
I'm a nice enough guy, and I try not to be at odds with anyone, but gks are really trying my patience.
Everything!
Sorry, I was trying to get my mouse to work.
hey jsm when in rome.
I'm reading it right now, bc.
Where's that?
AdequacyFan, adequacy's primary source of income is winning countersuits against various individuals who have sued the site for defamation and such.
Adequacy.
org boasts some of the UK's most prestigious legal talent, after all.
I'm not kidding.
You can call anything you like.
However, the fact is that Adequacy.
org has a winning record in court.
I don't see how it's crazy that Adeqaucy.
org should win in court.
Someone has to win, no?
I don't think I claimed a specific amount, AdequacyFan.
Riposte, don't worry about it.
Adequacy has no desire to engage in frivolous court battles.
Play by the rules, and you'll be left alone.
Riposte, I'm sorry for misunderstanding you, then.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
bc is too meanspirited to do straight humor.
ennui, that's perverse.
You're perverse.
Say that when you interview him.
Vlad turned out to be a hypocrite.
But maybe Vlad could not help but turn out to be a hypocrite.
If not, should we condemn him?
It seems that regardless of Vlad's ability to do otherwise, we may safely describe Vlad as being of inferior moral character.
If Vlad's actions are the outcome of his inferior moral character, is it not appropriate to condemn his actions, regardless of whether he could have done differently?
He was a gunner.
That he gunned?
I was afraid you would say he did not gun.
I would've been confused.
zikzak, they gun in training exercises all the time.
Also, naval guns were gunned during the Persian Gulf conflict.
They didn't gun other ships, though, just dirty towelheads.
They gunned a lone guy with an ak47 using one of their six inch guns.
Vlad once threatened to gun me.
Actually, I made that up.
Sorry.
Had he said it, though, it would not have been out of character, so we can safely act as though he did say it.
Everything is a fantasy for you, zikzak.
Is reality really letting you down that much?
I'm sorry to hear that you're a loser, zikzak.
That would imply that he grow at an infinite rate.
That's impossible.
Or, you could just say that by grow to infinite size, he grow in the direction of infinite size idefinitely.
Good idea.
I think I'll start with a cheeseburger.
22 does not equal 3.
It equals 4, you moron.
6damn fool
I'm not sure I understand how that would work.
Oh, wait.
Yes I do.
It's amazing how confused I get sometimws.
I'm not sure I could sound like you
Well, she might suppose that you had given your icq number to someone else, to mess with her head.
okay, sure.
The naked appeal of dishonesty is irresistible.
I doubt it.
She's to enamoured with you
All of this requires a password and number, though.
Maybe twenty.
bc, the fish has taken the bait.
Not much.
The fish is mad at you.
Because you're a jerk D
I'm not going to hell.
I have my get into heaven free card.
ha ha
You can also be a member of the elect.
No, bc, you are lost.
You are the living damned.
Death will find you before you could possibly atone for the evil that you have done.
You just don't have enough time to make things right.
Perhaps, bc, if tea essense could extend your lifespan, you just might be able to assure your salvation.
RobotSlave, are you damned?
You're not fooling anyone.
linacaro, old maids do.
bye bye everbuddy 13!
4Mars, the god of war.
damnit
4Mars < it was supposed to look like that
No, I haven't used the Intarweb since we last talked
seventypercent, tell bc that guilt is a communist feeling.
70 is a moral paragon.
If he says that you're innocent, then you are.
I say it does.
He is touched by God.
He can see your guilt, if it is there.
He does not need to judge it by your actions.
Maybe it's so black he can't find it?
I think he wandered off to find a crank whore.
It's funny because it's true.
In hell, cp.
In hell.
Yes, they are.
There ought to be a law.
I'm tired of weblogs.
K5 stole my precious trusted user status, so it can go to hell, for all I care.
If you're a trusted user, you can rate comments 0.
In order to gain trusted user status, you must whore yourself ceaselessly.
You have to continue whoring yourself to keep it.
Exactly.
Having it proves that you are superior.
Good for you!
I'm not trusted on Adequacy.
You shouldn't.
People get in this business for various reasons.
Some because they're jerks, some because they enjoy pedantry.
Personally, my soul is so permeated with naked duplicity, there is little else I can do.
But of course that didn't happen.
See, you're mistaken was that you tried to do.
You should content yourself with being.
Just pick some way you'd like to be, and be it, with passion!
Unless you want to be unpassionate.
Being unpassionate with passion would be ultimately selfdefeating, I suspect.
I see.
Can you smash yourself?
Well, then you are still dependent on others for your selfactualization.
You cannot be free unless you can truly be by virtue of your own self.
You should realize that dispassionate and unpassionate are not synonyms.
You need to take the next step yourself.
I'm not promoting anything.
I'm reading from this script here.
Yes, that was what I was supposed to say next.
As was that
Anyway, I'll give you a hint.
The next step should be in the direction of the liquor cabinet.
Hit the medicine cabinet on the way back.
Do you get $22 for every hour you spend annoying people on IRC?
What's that in real dollars?
No, American dollars are real dollars.
All others are pale imitations.
Perhaps.
That would only mean they were the original dollars.
American dollars, though, are the 11real dollars.
Where can you see them?
Toasted bread, I expect.
Must everything be about race for you, RobotSlave?
You should use AfricanAmerican Rye
Or spics?
Can't forget them.
Here's a hint, it's spic.
In Canada?
You should just drive there.
It's not far.
Maybe just if he leaves the house.
I am not a freak.
RobotSlave, what's the diameter of the earth?
Roughly twentysix thousand miles, no?
I mean circumfrence
circumference, even
Ok, but how big does it look?
Of course.
I just thought I'd pester you.
Intolerant?
I've never heard K5 described as intolerant.
You wouldn't do that
Don't you feel guilty when you do wrong?
I should go to bed.
I need to continue writing tomorrow, but I can't do that unless I get up
I don't feel like it, though.
I never do.
Exactly.
In the morning, it's better than anything.
como estas?
quiero burrito grande, por favor.
Meryl Streep?
That surprises me.
Yes, but some of them are quite good at acting.
I think it does.
Just interact with them.
I mean, just don't
Porn will corrupt you.
Don't go near it.
A bad way.
It will cause you to regard all women as sex objects, rendering you incapable of having a meaningful relationship with one.
Think about it, bc.
You will come to regard even skinny little ugly chicks like perdida as sex objects!
You will start with that, then you will move on to hardcore porn, and then bestiality!
Yeah, like heroin requires that you treat it like an addiction.
Enough playing around.
It's time to win!
They were badass muthafuckers.
Well, then the other one was too.
Pity you can't do the same, bc.
Who sends you such pictures, Captain_Tenille?
bc, as you, I will succeed where you could not.
Captain_Tenille, she likely wishes to breed.
hullo, linacaro
He spent all his cash.
Kane and Rowe would agree that you're all stupid.
But gks like databases.
Any decent database will do entirely transparent clustering.
bc isn't convinced he should even care what filesystem he's using.
after all, his computer does what he wishes it to do.
Genetically engineered supermen are humanity's last, best hope.
The downward sprawl.
I get high just thinking about spiralx \
seventypercent, calm down and pour yourself another drink.
seventypercent, sure it is.
You can still sit up.
You could drink a lot too if all you had was only 3.
5% alcohol 
You need another drink.
1800CRANKWHORE
Call that number.
seventypercent, I'm sorry, but that's just not the sort of thing one lives down.
heheee
anyone hoem!
Do you wish to tie people to it, ennui?
They'll need to be sturdy, then.
Are you tying people to it against their will?
If so, it has to be a lot sturdier than you might think.
Oh, ok.
I just made it up.
Goodness.
It would have to be a very featurerich chair.
perdida seems to be quite afraid of splinters.
They're all good.
Each and every one of them.
aeiou aeiou aeiou
I don't know.
And yes, that was on purpose 
I should read aq.
I haven't been there in ages.
Waffles made with goose eggs are mighty good.
It sound pornographic.
That's not true.
You are a pornographer
Hooray!
Pornography for all.
Did you see justinfinity's creepiness in #k5, bc?
Yeah, what was all that about?
I think he wants to sex me.
I wouldn't bother reading porn unless it were at least 95% pure porn.
Well, if I want nonporn, I'll read nonporn.
How would you like it if you sat down to read some nonporn and it was only 15% nonporn?
I wouldn't.
I cannot abide pornography.
I'm no puritan.
Looking for a complex, detailed science fiction story?
Please stop corrupting your mind, bc.
What would she say if she saw you now?
Your muse.
Of course you did, bc.
Of course you did.
Required two or four syllable word or phrase that describes Jin in a positive light.
gibbons, enough.
That should be an mlp
I don't know where it is.
Listen to American music.
yeash pleash
Listen to N'Sync.
Every way you look at it, you lose!
I can't do it 
I'm too braindead to write an mlp
What doesn't matter?
Just that?
Sounds like a good start.
Okay, title?
I hate scoop!
Why does it put target=_top in it and then tell me to take it out!
It's being voted down.
So I posted a threatening editorial comment
Back in the day, I used to get voted up
You're probably right 
And someone 1'd my comment!
Why do people suck so much!
IM GOINT TO FLIP OUT AND CUT SOMEBODYS HEAD OFF!
delmoi's comment is confusing
hahaha
cant stop laughn
that's why I love alcohol.
After a few drinks, everything is so funny!
Maybe everyone has already seen it?
I should go back to plagiarizing.
That was easy and rewarding.
Well, it depends if I want to succeed or not.
I could plagiarize Nos, but that doesn't seem fair.
rusty will hate me 
no he's not
you know he's not
Editorial Crap !
none / 0 #5 
by drquick on Mon Mar 4th, 2002 at 053437 AM EST
I'd vote 100 if I could!
Why is the west so obcessed with violence.
This is a bastardisation of oriental culture.
And, not funny!
yeah, that's why he says it's not funny
Then a war he shall have!
Big Macs are not very good.
With regards to what?
Red Robin makes some good burgers.
Now's your chance, bc!
I think we had a misunderstanding.
1 I have no idea.
2 Now is your chance to learn about new hamburger chains
But I have to go make dinner for my so 
Enough complaining!
I'm not eating.
I already ate.
I was making my so a quick something so she could eat without breaking from home work.
See, I actually am quite nice, but don't tell anyone.
GZ was hacked?
By who?
No kidding.
Then how could it have not gotten to me!
My nightmail address probably was.
Unforunately, nightmail forgot my password!
Oh, and now it looks like they've gone under.
Thanks a lot, nightmail!
Yeah, but I never told vlad that address.
GODDAMN IT
Why is life so hard 
Why can't anything ever go my way?
I think it's my turn to get what I want!
YOU HEAR ME!
I don't care what you do to legolas.
Just don't tell me about it
What's that, bc?
Can't see why you bother.
KuroBot, you're being especially informative today.
KuroBot, can you define words?
KuroBot, does 'countervailing' mean what I think it means?
KuroBot, you bastard.
Dictionary.
com says 'countervailing' means exactly what I thought!
KuroBot, why is being naked a bad thing?
That didn't answer the question.
It's not just bad, it's reliably bad!
KuroBot, is mine better than tiny_pea's?
KuroBot, is it worse?
Woohoo!
It's not?
Not really.
KuroBot, can you answer any question correctly?
Unfortunate.
KuroBot, are you fairly accurate?
KuroBot, are you more accurate than, say, 50%?
KuroBot, are you more accurate than, say, 50%?
KuroBot, are you more accurate than, say, 50%?
KuroBot, are you more accurate than, say, 50%?
KuroBot, are you more accurate than, say, 50%?
uh oh, it's rusty
hide the secret troll plans
lo, shoeboy
But digital equals quality.
I've seen the advertisements.
Most laserbased thingies are optical, yes.
It was either them or me.
A bottom?
Ha, no.
But analog information cannot be pirated over digital computer networks.
Sounds dull.
I think The Sims Slaver would be fun.
Nothing sells anymore.
It's all pirated.
Intellectual property is theft.
When you enforce copyright, you are depriving other people of the rightful use of your ideas.
cp, didn't some french writer produce a short piece about candle makers lobbying to have the sun banned?
Tidied up?
You should hire a maid.
marriage is a dead end
That crazy ol' indian.
Who writes bad fanfic?
I've been looking for just that.
That is so perfect.
I would like to hire Ubu
Are you his manager, bc?
Here's the deal.
Ubu will write several lowquality fanfics about jin wicked and allow me to publish them as my own.
In return, he will receive nothing at all.
I don't even want to know if I'm thinkgeek or slashdot.
If you weren't so lazy.
Thanks!
He's not retarded, he's black.
He's supposed to be that way.
black lesbian potsmoking helicopters
bc, you need to pay more attention
Well, you do.
Yes, blame the client.
What are you babbling about, fool?
I'm sick of all your nonsense.
gaarrr, matey, where'd ye put me rum?
We'll get by without you.
Then you will suffer and die, gibbons!
There's no food chain, anyway.
It's just a food cycle.
That's incoherent.
Well, I don't eat trees.
I don't know anyone who does.
cept termites
When the glaciers come, you'll be first against the wall, sir.
Speaking of which, I should be typing something else right now.
No, I work as a nude typist.
I am a woman.
I don't know.
He doesn't tell me anything.
The pay is good, though.
Very good.
And the work is easy.
I don't see why you would conclude that.
I am gorgeous and brilliant.
You don't believe me.
Then I must warn you about bc.
He is a nefarious character.
Someone told me.
I don't remember.
Maybe it was rusty.
Or it might've been cp.
cp cannot lie, he is studying to be a lawyer.
Well, if it is just a rumor, I am sorry.
But bc, that's embezzlement or fraud or something!
eh, wrong window
He steals three score virginities per fortnight.
I don't know how long a fortnight is.
seventypercent, you survived!
ah hah!
It was a trick question, then.
Smitty, that's 2.
I only listen to whatever is on the top 20.
I'm not interested in unpopular music.
That's 4, Smitty.
wretch
He wants to plan his attack, yes.
I keep my nuclear weapons in.
I mean, never mind.
I'm glad I don't live in the midwest.
Burn in hell with your crank whores, seventypercent!
Nuke the bastards!
Actually, bc, if you nuke Texas, we'll call everything even, okay?
It doesn't.
It has 20 million Texans.
What are you planning?
beate the feare of God into her heade
I'll beate the feare of God into your heade, bc.
As well it should!
I kept ignoring her and ignoring her, and she finally went away!
I love problems that fix themselves!
I had to.
I couldn't say anything.
I wish his damn hands would just fall off.
sorehands
Well, www.
sorehands.
com's to be exact.
cp, you should fix antSLAPP.
Change it to ant slap.
That changes the original meaning
That would be an abuse of cp's editorial powers.
You can't ask him to commit an unethical act
He voted 0.
What a pussy!
That was great, bc.
Cool, and by cool, I mean totally sweet.
What time is it there?
To work?
I didn't know you worked in a coal mine.
ho ho ho!
Golly Green Giant.
It was I who broke into it.
Ha ha!
Where did you gather this?
I don't understand, bc.
Maybe he saw us fighting in #k5?
Did you zero a bunch of my comments without me noticing?
I wish I had cold, piercing eyes.
My eyes are dull and watery.
Betraying my inner placidity.
I am a cow, dull and quiet.
You modded all my comments to 0.
Well, ct, funny story.
I applied, was admitted, decided to go here, and well.
there you have it!
bc, there was no mistake.
I'll thank you to remember the difference between calvanists and methodists, bc.
Yes, and I am a stern Christian.
Sin in here and you'll get kicked so fast you won't know what happened.
And how do you tell that sort of thing from a photograph?
No kidding?
Curious.
I honestly don't know what to make of that.
I can't say I've seen a 'Jesus saves' tshirt or a tambourine the entire time I've been here.
Refresh my memory, what's a tambourine?
Is a tambourine like a small haldheld drum with metal discs along the rim?
Then yes, I have seen one of those.
Tambourines do sound awful.
No doubt.
I've heard of it.
I think I would like to pursue a degree in anarchy at some point.
Too bad your parents are dead, and thus cannot fund your academic adventure.
I don't know.
Are your parents dead, ct?
bc's parents were killed by Cossacks when he was young.
Where?
If you take the Lord's name in vain one more time, I will kick you.
Just thought I'd warn you.
It's not snowing in here, no.
How were the mines, bc?
How are you IRCing?
What exactly is your job in the mine?
With a laptop.
Whatever for?
Of course.
I am at wit's end regarding our dear mutual friend.
I try to talk with her, but I can't for more than a minute or so.
She complains too much.
Several times.
Even the 'I'm so lonely that I think I'll become a drug addict' spiel.
I don't blame her boyfriend for wanting to live in a different country.
Unfortunately, no.
Undeniably.
I should give her an ultimatum.
I'm not quite sure.
bc, I have no interest in pornographic material.
You should know that.
Not really.
What if she send pornography, so I have to keep talking to her?
I feel she deserves some resolution.
Well, we haven't been perfectly on the level with her.
So, she deserves to know the truth.
I think you should email her and tell her.
Yes, I do.
Clearly?
I'm asking you to email her so I never talk to her again.
This is indicative of attachment?
I daren't let you do it.
You're too hard and cruel for such matters.
No, I will do it.
Why do you not want me to?
Too callous for what?
Do you intend to have a continued relationship with her?
How do you propose to do this?
No, bc, I propose something far more radical.
I intend to tell her the truth.
The pure, unadulerated facts of the matter.
Explain.
So you do yet plan for the future.
bc, you are two faced.
Sometimes that is a virtue, but not now.
Some bridges should not have been built at all!
It isn't right to keep her like an ace up your sleeve, a trump card to play when it suits you.
So your true motives are laid bare!
So crazed with lust that you cannot even spell naked.
Perhaps I did, but I have become convicted.
Good night.
It's battle time!
What sort of pizza?
No thank you.
No doubt, but it's not good enough to wash a car for.
Unless you have a very small car.
Is it a Hot Wheels?
nananananananana pizza!
pizza!
pizza!
medham is Jin Wicked.
elby, I washed your car.
When do I get my pizza?
I did so.
It's not dirty, either.
It's clean.
If you don't deliver, then I will.
I, however, will deliver murder2009 <bc> he has agreed to this, then?
2010 <qpt> bbl
Shut up, bc.
If I had a dollar for every time you screw up IRC, and you had a dollar for every time I did, I would have all your money
Well, elby, it was two lines from a conversation I had with bc.
bc asked me if he agreed to this, and I said I would be back later.
Don't kick elby, or I will kick you.
No, I'll send some people over and have you kicked for real.
bwahahahahahaha!
One more season and it will be.
It was quite cold here today
Do they ever go shootin'?
I would like to see a war between the militias and the inner city gangs.
Imagine skirmishes in the streets of south central LA and battles raging across the Texan plains!
It would be magnificent.
Each side would have a decided advantage in their own territory.
Why do Taco Bells matter?
I suppose I never really thought of gangs eating.
I always imagined that they needed only malt liquor to sustain themselves.
That's fortified beer, if anyone is having trouble figuring out just what malt liquor is.
They can gangrape Texan women.
Surely Texas as some bad alcohol somewhere, too.
Why not?
That's absurd.
We're talking about gang members.
These people flip out all day long, popping caps in people's asses.
They're mammels, yo.
Gang members are cool, and by cool, I mean totally sweet!
No, bc also likes vice.
bc, don't tell us all your fantasies just now.
Save some for later, please.
Doesn't take a very tough girl to beat bc.
Like a lady.
seventypercent isn't interested in anyone who's not a crank whore.
He doesn't think about women.
His sex life is too busy for him to have any time for women.
Like a female chocolate moose, zikzak?
shoeboy, you could buy bc some nice tits.
zikzak, sense the pun moose to have gender.
sense should be hence
zikzak, u r teh sukc
The best thing to do is find a rich woman and brainwash her into giving you all her money and becoming a slave to you.
That was not a moral best, by the way.
The queen of england is actually pretty hot.
Heck, she's still hot.
200 years ago, I bet she was too hot.
What's the difference between working class and middle class, or is there one?
And where do the poor and rich fit in here?
Can someone please explain America's socioeconomic class structure to me?
seventypercent, I wish you wouldn't lie to me so much 
I really need to know these things.
servicepeople are people too
You should respect them as ends in themselves, instead of just means to satisfy your needs.
So you dehumanize them, but give them an extra 5%.
Great.
seventypercent, you're awful!
You're all awful.
I curse you all to a life of service!
Well, geeze, you should've told me that before.
Too late now!
bc, I curse you to a life of serving corporate masters.
No, he will serve with shame
I could get into this.
I'll hand out curses like candy!
And by Jove, you will die, linacaro!
Death curses are easy.
Death curses with reliable timing are a bit more taxing.
Is it important that it be used?
He's, like, totally Scottish, bc.
Like, really.
Yeah, like, whatever, dude.
MacGyver fights communism ALL the time.
He's a mammel.
Just for opening a window.
He's so cool, and by cool, I mean totally sweet.
I keep a gun under my pillow.
bc, don't forget the medham argument you presented earlier.
I quite agree, bc.
On the basis of your damning evidence, Sylvain would be convicted by any kangaroo court in the world.
bc, if you don't stop using that word, I'm going to become angry with you.
You clearly do not know what it means.
Stop it!
You are forbidden to use the 'l' word!
You're antismoke and antipatriotism?
Isn't he always a bit shifty?
Anyway, that doesn't make any sense.
It's easy to lie on IRC.
No need to be shifty.
Portugal was invaded by the Moors.
The Moors were muslime.
muslims.
Medham is the name of Mohammad's sword.
Mohammad was the father of all muslims.
Well, isn't kip a subject of the telephone company?
medham emailed me.
He used a hotmail account, but the originating IP is at Stanford.
He used medham_k5@hotmail.
That's an excellent idea.
Hello, kay.
I honestly don't get it.
Hello, bc.
You're all pathetic!
cept maybe linacaro.
I played Fallout.
I'd have no trouble.
Can't quite seem to decide on a gender for me, can you, bc?
Hermaphrodites don't even exist.
I don't know who or what new order is.
woohoo!
bc, I did end up getting an email.
Not quite sure what to make of it, though.
From    GRiNGO <joe.
gringo@ntlworld.
com>  
To    quantum_pixie@hotmail.
Subject    w0rd.
Date    Thu, 07 Mar 2002 105146 0000  
what goes 
That's all.
I don't know if that's medham or not, but nobody else ever emails me at that address.
It could be someone else.
Anyone might've read the diary.
Brazilian, I don't know.
medham, hopefully.
bc, what do you want me to do?
That doesn't really sound like medham, but maybe he's just putting on different airs.
Goddamn it
Can cp see the email address used to register medham?
Inoshiro could tell us, but he wouldn't.
From last night
Stalking you, bc.
We probably babbled about medham
Either that, or 80md is really pulling one over on you.
bc, you were the only one who was suggesting it was em.
I have logs.
What should I tell joe.
gringo?
Yes, chat stands for music
Is the aq webbased irc thingy still up?
Greetings.
I look forward to talking with you, and I know that several others do also.
Thank you.
Yes, like I made clear, cp, I am speaking on behalf of the Adequacy.
org staff and readership.
We the people I am speaking on behalf of the Adequacy.
org staff have provided a webbased irc client.
That's what anyone with a mastery of the english language and a mote of common sense would think, bc.
Maybe it's a different kay.
Say, Kay Albert Binks.
I don't know why I picked 'A'
I bet that it was just a different Kay.
A massive coincidence, what have you.
I told you, it's in Oregon.
THen you freaked out.
And said Oh god, please oh god please don't let Oregon be near ________!
See, and I even censor ________.
That's how nice I am.
I know you're just messing with my head, or trying to.
You're thinking of your crankwhore girlfriend's vagina, seventypercent.
I did not.
You're in love?
With who?
seventypercent?
He'll just break your heart.
perdida, seventypercent will break your heart, find someone else.
He's a mean drunk, seventypercent is.
Who is!
I thought seventypercent was a mexican farmhand
Who drank tequila under the fruit trees all day
I should kick you, Brazilian.
adequacy is a piracy free zone.
I'm a goody two shoes because I avoid crankwhores and condemn theft!
Well, then I will bear the title with pride!
So, how are you two lovebirds doing?
i need to talk to bc
You think?
You will surely buff up now!
Who's that woman on you arm?
All dressed up to do you harm.
Hello cp!
Bye cp!
Hullo!
I came by for my pizza, but nobody answered.
You should eat it and buy me a new one.
Stupid medham.
punch kick kick
punch punch
RobotSlave, #k5
That's not valid, bce.
That's not how IP ranges are assigned.
I'm sorry, I misspoke, that is valid.
It's about 130,000 addresses
Have we met, bce?
butterfly, you can borrow mine when I'm not using it.
Sorry, it just isn't worth the risk.
You're all so cute.
Hullo, bc and linacaro!
Sorry.
I wish you would stop calling me a whore.
pizza pizza pizza!
elby, are there in liquor stores in Seattle that don't close really early?
Where?
How late?
I have.
I found this one place that's open 'til 9.
I usually don't even think about drinking 'til 10, though.
It's annoying.
KuroBot, are you there?
Okay, good.
Now listen to me KuroBot.
I need you to be honest.
I need it.
No screwing around with me.
You must tell the truth and you must do it in an easy to understand, nonambiguous manner.
Do you understand, KuroBot?
KuroBot, do you understand?
KuroBot, should I do it?
Thank you.
May you burn in hell if that was a lie.
KuroBot said.
I like the one in the middle best.
I have food, but I would like booze.
KuroBot, I'm sorry.
It's not that I doubt you, but I need to be sure.
KuroBot, are you sure it is the right thing to do, for all involved?
Damn you!
I need you to predict now!
elby, I think you should buy me booze.
If I say no, will you buy some for me?
I cannot buy booze, no.
I have no money.
Also, I'm 18 and look 12.
No, I'm 21.
That was a typo.
I'm a girl who looks 17.
I am not a sex worker.
KuroBot, answer another question?
KuroBot, does bc like me?
Thanks!
I like you too, bc!
I have trouble being bored when I'm intoxicated.
Everything is just so funny.
I've only smoked weed once.
Alcohol does have a bit of an odd effect on me.
It tends to make me deliriously happy.
No, as opposed to my usual quiet contentment.
I laugh a lot, talk loud and fast, and knock things over.
I hope to get drunk this weekend.
linacaro, where are the pictures you promised us?
You must.
Odds are, you'll find it before you go through 26.
Also, if you do find it in the first 26, which is probable, it will likely be in the first 14.
If it is in the first 14, which is likely, it will probably be in the 8.
Surely you can search 8!
I might be able to help, bc.
linacaro, let's make a deal, okay?
No, hear me out.
Wait a minute.
Get the hell back here, Kurobot!
Here's the deal, linacaro.
I'll spin the bottle.
If it lands on you, then you produce the pics.
If not, I'll never bother you about it again.
I realize that
It'll be back in a minute.
I wish you would stop making excuses.
The bottle is going to be here in a minute.
damn it bc, what are you doing?
I have never been photographed.
Oddly enough.
I wasn't in them.
My school didn't have photos.
Hello, KuroBot!
Ok, you check something
Quit Hey!
Where'd my controlling terminal go?
Perhaps if you offer us those, we'll be satisfied.
Well, come on then.
I work for the humanties office.
Humanities.
What are you talking about?
You're in texas.
It's much too small from that far away.
Get closer.
You're right.
The English, Philosophy, etc.
profs all share a building and a front office.
Actually, there are three floors, and three front offices.
See how they all have the same phone#?
The administrative tasks for the departments are mostly just mushed together.
How is that?
linacaro, please stop stalling.
Well, there you go!
I bet it does.
we luv u elby
Geeze, bc.
Turned out to be difficult to find a picture of prof McDonald!
I'm not smarmy.
Does your intellect flip out ALL the time?
I don't need food, smoke, or drink.
I need only one thing.
But I can't have it 
bc won't let me.
Bastard.
You should've gotten laid instead, seventypercent.
It still makes precious little sense.
Why not explain communism to us?
vovocrove
I wish KuroBot would stick around.
Here, little KuroBot!
Come here, little guy!
Pardon?
Have you been drinking?
What am I asking.
Of course you have.
How odd.
Here I am though, and since I don't lie, I can't have said that.
Apparently my accounts was hijacked by hackers, or you're just making stuff up, as usual.
bah, you know how hackers are.
If they wanted you to believe I was dialing in from the whitehouse, that's what they'd have you believe.
I've already proved it wasn't.
1 If I said that I wouldn't be back, then I would have lied.
2 I do not lie.
3 I did not say that I wouldn't be back Modus tollens.
I'm sure I know nothing of the sort.
Please stop shouting, too.
You know, raoul thinks you're a jerk.
Nobody fears you.
I know you're afraid that it's untrue, so you refuse to entertain the notion that it might actually be untrue.
Scared of you why?
Whatever.
I only asked to be polite.
Surely not as glad as I am.
I frighten rather easily.
A few harsh words from you, and I'd run off, hide under my bed, and cry for a while.
Personally, I'm going to the hop with my best girl.
raoul, you have all the luck.
NinjaMonkey, I can't allow a spamming bot in here.
spiralx, it's been months, probably.
It looks like you're spamming to me.
Haha, when was this?
Dag nabbit.
You can't say the p word.
Spoken like a WASP, legolas.
On what?
RobotSlave, why are you being banned in #k5?
What was the quote?
I don't think I do.
justinfinity doesn't like racism, you know.
You're unbanned.
Hey, bc.
And hello, lovely linacar0.
Sleep might remedy that.
Oh, fake ignore.
There was quite a bit of talk about banning the whole lot of us.
I'm banned.
There goes poor Sylvain.
But you couldn't.
He banned me for correctly informing Sylvain that he doesn't like being called a fascist.
bc, I have a funny story to tell you 'bout 'dida
Send it to editors@kuro5hin.
abuse@slashnet.
I wonder if I could /ctcp #kuro5hin something.
Unfortunate.
someone, please join #newtestchat
If you can't see anything it's not working.
Unfortunate.
I banned myself in #newtestchat
You're opped, goose.
raoul know everything about irc.
Makes one wonder why he's not an op anywhere.
Yes, as a Canadian, you are too simple to play the highly charged political game that is irc, raoul.
No, you'd only get banned too, raoul.
The fascist win this round.
Your bar closes in nine minutes, RobotSlave.
I thought it closed at midnight.
How odd.
It's illegal to sell alcohol after 2 in these parts, no?
I didn't know that, and I tried to buy a bottle of wine for dinner the next day at 230.
I could've punched that pimply faced little punk at the checkout stand.
Well, not really.
It was annoying, though.
And yes, I often shop at 230 in the morning.
The supermarket is so quiet and empty.
raoul, 1011.
work and class from noon to 9 or 10
The liquor stores are even worse.
I haven't found one that's open past 10, and most close by 8.
I quite enjoy some liquor now and then, but I generally don't think about drinking 'til 10 or 11.
perdida, hello.
No, it's not.
I don't wear tshirts.
bc, she can't
Not now.
What did it say?
perdida and justinfinity are both at 5.
She should be able to undo anything he does.
Without being held morally accountable.
nick justinfinityreallyisafascist
About jeans.
No profanity, spamming, or colors.
Hello, seventypercent!
Whatever for?
Nothing very exciting about that.
I thought you started a fight!
Perhaps killed a man with a broken bottle.
From India?
You didn't help?
You left your friend at the mercy of those savages?
There are no bad WASPs.
Supposedly, indians are predisposed to alcoholism.
nick justinfinityisawhinyfascist
Sylvain, I know.
geekizoid has gotten really good, lately.
perdida, unban me, so I can insult your heritage and body type, and you can kick me.
How's that for a reason?
yahoo is to obvious anonymous.
Would you like me to give you webmaster@spu.
edu, bc?
I got angry at an Ethernet PC Card that wouldn't work, so I tore it open and scanned it.
drdink
kitten is a booger.
I don't know how else to say it.
I cleaned my kitchen
Exactly bc.
One dare not shoot royalty the same one shoots a president.
Never hurts to be rechristianised.
I don't.
Or at least, I didn't realise that I did.
Hardly seems right to call the Queen's English a misspelling.
em can't be wrong; he's a linguist.
I have much to say about atheism.
Wait, what am I laughing at?
Right.
Well, that is witty.
I'm a bit hungry.
I should do something about that.
biology will soon produce better females.
Psychology is still struggling to be recognized as a propert science.
Quite a few women in that, though.
Sociology, also.
em, testy because linguistics isn't considered a proper science?
bc, one has to ask, what is the real world?
If the real world is mucking about in practicalities, then you can count me out!
What about geology?
Nothing more rock hard than that!
em has a point.
When the work cannot be reproduced or comprehended without computer aid, it's hard to say if it's not experimental.
I know.
Or prime number finding and proving.
Can't be done by hand.
Is that right?
em, a pseudoprime is some number that passes an accepted primefinding algorithm but isn't prime, no?
bc, most would say that god had no part in determining which numbers are prime.
They can't afford to care about truth.
My understanding is that completely deterministic prime algorithms are far too expensive.
em, it was spendocrat
bc, that may be.
I suppose there's no way to tell.
How did you come to learn about this message?
Refresh me, what are million and trillion in the UK?
10 to what power?
There's nothing quite like linguica
bc, that is a bit bizarre.
It may be a perl script, but it's got my number!
Maybe it's just that any bad thing that you might say about a person applies to me 
That's discouraging.
Yes, you are.
You just don't learn.
I just realized something.
We are slashnet's axis of evil!
I think so.
I still think it's funny that drdink thought perdida would care about what I said.
I wouldn't have said it in the first place if I thought she might really be bothered.
Not at all.
goanis does
KuroBot, does everyon?
KuroBot, is RobotSlave sexy?
KuroBot, should perdida and RobotSlave have a torrid romance?
Hard not to take offense at that, perdida.
KuroBot, would perdida find RobotSlave attractive?
There, perdida, put your mind at rest.
KuroBot, is bc trying to weasle his way into a torrid romance with perdida?
Not really, KuroBot just speaks the truth as best he knows it.
Except he hates me 
Watch this.
KuroBot, am I intelligent and attractive?
RobotSlave, I have makeup on my face?
I know, bc.
Wasn't it 40kg or something?
No way.
Look at the tiny cans it comes in!
Anyone around?
If you provide a clickable link, I'll look at it.
KuroBot, should RobotSlave provide me with a clickable link?
KuroBot, should RobotSlave provide me with a clickable link?
I submitted a diary to K5
I think your linguistic relativism sickens me, Elanthius.
Why not use the definitions that come from God, though?
blingbling doesn't mean anything to God.
Remember, KuroBot is the mouthpiece of heaven.
KuroBot can be difficult, yes.
Can't you be, KuroBot?
Like I said.
KuroBot, should RobotSlave order pepperoni on his pizza?
RobotSlave, it helps to ask the question clearly.
KuroBot, should RobotSlave order sausage of any sort on his pizza?
KuroBot, should RobotSlave order italian sausage on his pizza?
There you go, RobotSlave.
I shared an italian sausage sub with my s.
ealier.
It was quite good.
Well, it said it was a sub.
raoul, yes.
I'm not going to dop into my alcohol budget.
I need it for alcohol.
I buy the cheapest 151 I can find, and my budget still barely carries me through the week.
I don't understand it.
Ask bc if you don't believe me.
KuroBot speaks for heaven.
Pizza without meat is so plain and nonfattening.
Then you'll probably want some beer with that pizza.
You gave up alcohol for lent?
Or just beer?
Unfortunate.
Cooking removes the alcohol, generally.
That's the idea, anyway.
What was a mistake, eating the food, or giving up alcohol?
That's because you're an alcoholic.
I know how it is, though.
Sometimes I feel like I could steal liquor from a baby.
Well, no.
A baby shouldn't have liquor.
You're a beer drinker, right?
What's your beer of choice?
I don't drink beer.
Mostly wine, rum and vodka.
I prefer reds.
Cabernet is my favorite.
There's no accounting for tastes.
I've never been significantly hung over.
I can't.
I've thrown up, crawled in the bedroom and passed out on the floor only to wake up six or seven hours later feeling almost fine.
I'm 21.
RobotSlave, doesn't seem to make much of a difference to me.
Elanthius, you're probably right.
Hey, I'm doing my best!
I've never blacked out either.
He is impatient.
RobotSlave, guess what I'm enjoying?
No, alcohol!
Truly.
Do you have a specific mad scientist in mind.
This is quite good.
My drink.
Thank you.
The Internet messed up.
It was DarkZero, em.
The flesh of a once living creature sounds tasty.
Apparently not.
Hello, bc.
The universe is a big place
full of rude countries
Hello, shoeboy!
Anyone who knows what's what knows that a hacker is a ne'erdowell.
An evil criminal of the computer persuasion!
I think hackers should be hung.
Hung from the highest thing you can find to hang them from!
Let those dirty bastards hang.
Goddamn motherfucking hackers.
I'd shove the mohtetfucking oed up your ass if i had it
you stupid sone of a bitch
why not
I'm not drunk, bc.
I haven't had a drop all night.
No sir.
bc, you're quoting out of context.
Somebody once told me that the OED was written by an insane person.
jsm told me that
I believe everything that jsm tells me.
His sheer charisma compels me.
I have no choice.
I have no idea what it is.
It doesn't seem too special.
KuroBot, will today go well?
Excellent.
You didn't like LOTR?
Which was his first?
Bad Taste was fairly flat, RobotSlave.
Bad Taste or LOTR?
RobotSlave, if it was, the book needn't be longer than a page or two.
Not that I recall.
It was just mindless gore followed by more mindless gore, culminating in some guy going through some alien with a chain saw.
Is it important to mention that they guy who went through the alien had his brains bashed out earlier in the film?
He was never quite the same afterward.
No chainsaws, though.
RobotSlave, that there was.
It wasn't critical to the plot, though.
I think LOTR should've been more violent.
And there should've been more swearing.
And gore.
And Gandalf should've hollered Die, motherfuckers!
at some point.
And there should've been more explosions.
Like sprouted huge blades out of his arms and started hacking things up?
I think there should have been more naked elf women in chains.
I couldn't believe how few there were.
ana, yup.
I wouldn't objectify women if they weren't mere mindless sex objects, but it turns out that they are.
Take it up with god.
Well, ana, I invinte you to create #respect
Some of us do.
What's to respect about someone or something that's wrong?
Hello, bc.
Been working hard?
I'm not quite clear on what's offensive about naked elf women in chains.
Yes, ana.
And drink tea.
System administrators.
I think the food chile is more important than the country, personally.
Without chile, there would be no chile dogs.
There's nothing like a good bowl of chile, no sir.
I don't think chile on salmon would very appetizing.
I figured you meant to type chile on
Typos happen to even the best of us.
Pinochet is a type of chile, no?
Who did he lead, bc?
It appears so, Jano.
If he was such a great leader, bc, why didn't Chile end up anywhere?
Or are Chileans just that hard to lead?
Chile is in South America now, right?
Where'd it used to be?
One of the top countries in Latin america?
Goodness, that is quite a claim.
There are so many excellent countries in Latin america, a country would surely have to be great to be the top one.
I should hope so.
It's not good to let the poor people around the rich people.
bc, the Falklands war was that big battle over the silly little island, right?
Atlanta is the home of CocaCola.
Then nerve, submitting a plagiarized story.
The, not then.
I happen to know that bc posted a Jon Katz article to K5.
Uncredited, of course.
You did too.
Lent will be over soon, RobotSlave, then you'll be back to your old cheerful self.
I think drinking after midnight on Easter would kind of go against the spirit of the thing.
You want to do this right, so you can really feel like you accomplished something!
RobotSlave, I think the idea is that by forcing yourself to give up something for Lent, you realize that you don't actually need it.
So you don't continue the habit after Lent is over.
I think that's the idea.
Personally, I don't think I'll ever drink again.
I almost died last night!
shoeboy's got the joke in his hand.
It's never happened to me.
I'm probably due.
It's not hard to do.
I quite like it.
It reminds me of a young Bremington.
No, Arthur Bremington, the poet.
nathan, Arther Bremington was a poet, as I'm sure I mentioned.
ESR's poetry evokes his ealier work.
Well, bc, I'll admit that ESR's work may not evoke Bremington for you, but that hardly seems good reason to call me a liar.
You're probably only familiar with Renfield's compilation, bc, and that's all later works.
It's 245 am on March 25th, 2002.
You are with friends.
I logged it.
Would you like me to paste your poetry, RobotSlave?
I cut out all of nathan's rude interruptions and their were many.
I didn't paste it.
That may be why you can't see it.
Today's kids could use a good beating.
RobotSlave, why not fine people $1/byte for posession?
The fines would easily go into the billions, for many people.
I've never understood the appeal of jerkcity.
I just don't think it's funny.
Also, I don't use IRC.
I have poor taste when it comes to web comics.
For example, I've always thought that friendbear is funnier than pokey and I always will.
UserFriendly is excellent.
There you go about your age again.
I can't imagine playing the same piece four thousand times in a row.
Of course, I can't imagine playing anything.
I'm glad I have no musical talent.
Or talent of other sort.
It excludes me from having to be disciplined.
Lucky you.
My sole talent is annoying people, and I'm not even very good at it.
Linguica is tasty.
And then for me, a few moments later.
I don't have to do anything tomorrow.
I have a fair number of things I should do, but I won't.
He shouldn't have been.
Where are you?
Clue 2 mandi@cloaked.
bigpond.
em, snopes seems to have captivated you.
I tried to make a picture of myself but was not successful.
I look normal enough, just not at all like myself.
It's getting better.
I lost my connection.
What is it?
No, I lost my connection on this end, but the server didn't notice.
So when I reconnected, my ghost was still using my nick.
I didn't watch the oscars.
Perhaps I should've.
Maybe there will be a picture online.
Paltrow's dress makes her breasts look decidedly unappetizing.
As I recall, her breasts looked nice enough in some movie or other.
It must just be a cursed dress.
I don't watch that sort of thing.
I don't watch award shows, or sporting events, or pageants.
shoeboy, when was this?
Labyrinth was one of the movies that you couldn't help but dislike.
Why are there so many awful dresses?
Also, isn't Lopez contractually obliged to show her ass off?
That's the problem.
She's supposed to look breathtaking.
I don't understand.
I've seen plenty of attractive, tasteful dresses.
Why can't anyone where them to the oscars?
She has breasts.
They just aren't very big.
It's Kirkland.
She's a porn star.
I just made that up.
I don't know what she is.
It's not her fault she's old and ugly.
You people are mean.
Sally Kirkland was Crystal in The Sting.
She also played a beautiful woman in the 1964 film 13 Most Beautiful Women.
I'm not making this up.
I should know better than to click on urls from shoeboy.
Sally Kirkland was on Days of Our Lives.
She played Tracy Simpson.
Me too.
I haven't even looked at it, but I can tell you that something is seriously wrong with the whole thing.
kerpow
kick punch kick punch punch
join #kuro5hin
That's how.
kick ban them all, perdida!
Because you can.
Icarus, no.
To the best of our knowledge, Icarus, yes.
Too controversial?
Are you going to learn how to spell or are you going to try to make everyone else spell like you do?
A very helpful article it was.
Some people collect them for sport, RobotSlave.
Fisting seems bad enough.
Fisting with gauntlets seems like an execution.
What's a 4 sword, anyway, RobotSlave?
Oh, you're talking about D&D.
Nerds.
Show off his tech?
This would make a good point, counterpoint.
English is a living language vs Not all hackers are criminals, goddamnit!
Or does, whatever.
I think it's amusing when they claim that this or that is the right definition of hacker.
They don't even believe in moral absolutes, but they have their linguistic ones!
They talk about correctness.
And what hacker really means.
I suppose you may be correct.
I'm not sure if I have seen a good definition.
Regardless, they cling to their linguistic absolutes.
They just happen to be negative.
The extend of the claim is not clear, though.
I'm not sure if they hold that not all hackers are criminals, or if all hackers are not criminals.
I haven't been able to find a clear answer to that.
I think ESR would claim that hackers are beyond legality just as Nietzsche's ubermensch were beyond morality.
I still use the word hack to describe writers.
Maybe I'm old fashioned.
Do you ever modify anything with fell that isn't a swoop?
fell isn't modifying down, silly Robot.
Oh, I see what you mean.
Very clever.
Reminds me, how do you get down off a horse?
No, one gets down off a duck, not a horse.
hohoho
I know another joke, but it's not about ducks.
Have you seen those little ice cubes with holes in them?
Do you know how those are made?
Oh, sorry.
I wandered off in search of alcohol.
The correct answer is By freezing water
Hello, mc.
Is it about monica lewenski?
I miss her.
I liked having oral sex in the news.
RobotSlave, you really need to start drinking again.
rumorange juicecranberry juiceiceblender
It is.
This afternoon it was homemade milkshakes with irish cream.
I want to look like the drunken indian.
That's because I'm so good at it.
Anyway, mc, RobotSlave isn't allowed to drink until next week.
tope is a verb, meaning To drink liquor habitually and excessively or engage in such drinking.
I think I drink too much.
I started up again a few months ago.
Maybe it's time to slow down again.
I'm not either.
I'm a giggly drunk.
Why not just smoke dope and have sex, then?
Have sex with a human being, perhaps?
I've never smoked dope and I don't intend to.
My plan is to use alcohol to exess and look down on everyone who uses other drugs.
Is there a statue of limitations on dope smoking?
We need legal advice.
I wonder where cp is.
Makes him too horny?
Too horny for what?
I think the former interpretation is more reasonable.
The correct term for this sense is cracker.
All this talk about correctness.
Under the entry for hacker humor apparently hackers have, A fondness for apparently mindless humor with subversive currents of intelligence in it
I don't even know what that quote means.
I really don't.
One way to make a hacker laugh hold a red index card in front of him/her with GREEN written on it, or viceversa note, however, that this is funny only the first time.
I wonder if that really works.
And if it does work, why would it only work once?
I thought irony was inherently grounded in the human condition, but I guess I was mistaken.
Nobody is going to hurt you, bc.
hi mc, bc
I am here, bc.
I'm a bit sleepy, and for once, I actually have to stay up.
bc, maybe the jargon has something on love.
love isn't in the jargon file.
It sounds like bc is listening to crap.
Over here, everyone listens to rap and hiphop
Bleepy spiralx shit, too.
Sorry, mc.
I forgot those people because I'm an idiot.
No, bc, I am an idiot 
I tried to convince myself otherwise, but the jury has weighed in, I'm an idiot.
What about justinfinity, djbonghit, vai, Farl, Inoshiro, magenta, cow, and all them?
Oh, ok!
Thanks.
Hello, linacar0.
Ok, bc, I'm convinced.
Thank you for pulling me back from despair!
bc, I thought you liked hills, glens, thistles, and shit.
And fireplaces!
Tousling a young lad's hair.
You lied 
I'll mention it in #teenchat
Why would I protest?
It's done, by the way.
I can't imagine how.
It's a pity that linacar0 is not a teen.
She would fetch a pretty penny.
However, I don't think em has been right in the past.
I cannot think of one instance in which he interpreted 1337 speak to the satisfaction of everyone.
That's how easy linguistics is.
Wealth isn't in the jargon file.
Hijack what?
Did it originally belong to someone else?
Right.
Sucker.
Can you grok it, bc?
I forget what grok means, actually.
Oh, right.
linacar0 groks grok
beeyatch
It's just unbearable, reading this.
I want to hit esr with a stick, too 
It's not called a pling?
I call it an exclamation mark or point.
But I'm not a hacker.
The best parts of the jargon file involve humor.
It's interesting that gks and children have very similar senses of humor.
Parties and ice cream socials were ok.
I was never very social as a child.
But I didn't turn into a hacker
Personally, I have all the personality problems of the worst gk, but none of the technical skills.
I am a marvel.
I am, but I bore quickly.
That's my burden.
realultimatepower
I want to hit esr \
I should probably have a drink instead.
What do you think, bc?
Great!
Damn, that's pretty tasty.
Good thinking, bc.
Oh, I didn't see you here, RobotSlave.
I'm drinking Budweiser, the king of beers.
That excludes cream liqueurs, which I happen to like, EvilSnoofy.
Yes, that's a good one.
Also good.
I don't drink it straight.
Either of them.
I put them in things.
What's BADcardi?
I don't like Bacardi.
When bc says part, he means bottle.
I like most anything stuck in a blender with juice and ice.
It would probably taste great, EvilSnoofy.
EvilSnoofy, I know, it's great.
And for once, you could deliver?
Did she ask for orgasms?
Well, that went quickly.
That's because it wouldn't help, bc.
Actually, I don't think I know any female hackers.
I ate a little bit of horseradish, because it seemed like a good idea.
It really cleared out my nasal cavities!
I have some hot peppers around here somewhere.
I should find them.
I once saw a woman.
She screamed and ran away.
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is why I am not more social.
Who was your secret admirer, RobotSlave?
Stalking
Whatever.
Words are so meaningless.
Just use whatever sounds good.
That's wrong in so many ways.
TeX should never have been invented.
Knuth's manual should've been more concise.
ESR should've devoted a reasonable amount of time to learning TeX if he insisted on learning it all.
Yes you are.
All females are the same.
I hate them all!
I swear, I'm never talking to a girl again.
Once was enough!
I hate such women.
I hate fat women, because they are disgusting to look at.
I also hate attractive women, because I am disgusting to look at.
Who would?
Fat men are smelly and gross, yes, but not nearly as bad as fat women.
That's what I hate about women.
And I don't even really understand what you said.
You're right, bc.
I'm glad that women want nothing to do with me, because I want nothing to do with them!
I don't trust something that bleeds for days without dying, bc.
bc and I don't have girls, because we have no use for such weak, obnoxious creatures.
He wouldn't have one, EvilSnoofy.
bc has no need to be burdened with a silly woman.
I do too.
And that's why they reject me, not the other way around.
Keep that straight, please.
You can't capitalize numbers, bc.
Don't even try.
Please, no.
I feel ill.
No more disgusting talk.
And useful.
EvilSnoofy >
This is positively disgusting.
You people are supposed to be the intellectual elite of the Internet.
I'm going to start kicking if you don't start acting your part!
geeze, calm down.
Hello, spiralx.
I hope it's just you.
I'll say.
If you devote 8 hours to drinking, you should enjoy it.
My ex and her new boyfriend are having sex in my bed right now  a mere four feet to my right.
Don't call me a liar.
They've asked me to leave.
I'll be back later, bye.
Don't be sexist.
He invented Scottish, or something.
poor bc and his aching bones.
There's someone on K5 claiming to be meept
I'm fine 
I should hope that I'm a part of everyone.
Hello, Mandi.
I once had a torrid internet romance with someone named Mandi.
We met, married, and now have three children.
I'm sorry, I made all that up.
I never had an internet romance with anyone.
It does seem a bit odd.
I was in half of an internet romance, in a way.
No, the person on the other end claimed affection toward me that I did not see fit to return.
I stopped talking to the,
They seemed creepy.
well, I suppose I should've expected that, but still.
sometimes I find it rather difficult to believe that anyone comes here to adequacy.
org at all.
Hola, amigos.
raoul.
Great.
So great, in fact, that I have to go see a cute girl now.
Sorry!
It's not really worth seeing.
Where's the picture of her twin?
Sorry.
I was hoping someone would give me a clickable link.
I'm lazy.
You're a prince, cp.
The axis of evil?
No, I do not mean quote evil unquote.
I decry your postmodern wishywashiness.
Boredom, I imagine.
There's nothing else to do in this town 'cept cruise the strip and smoke.
Confuse the two.
Goodness knows I do.
I think Platoon was directed by Oliver North.
Roman Polanski was run out of the country after he and Robert DeNiro raped a young Jodie Foster.
elenchos, you should have someone write a macro to quote things unquote for you.
He probably spelled his name incorrectly.
Splashing ink all over the bill, no doubt, then smuding it with a tissue.
He's the president.
If we are to continue being dicks about things, we need strong leadership.
Were you ill, bc?
Why were you doing that?
bc has only one relative, his greataunt Gertrude.
Craig and company are going nutty.
Why are they pissing you off?
I don't know.
He seems to have some individuals working with him.
Could be.
ManualCrankAngst is not Turkish Delight, though.
RJFTC is craig, Turkish Delight is me, and Little Johnny is rusty.
Steal it from usenet.
More an axis of evil, I would say.
That's what the diary said.
Craig always gives me 5's.
Well, I'm committed to Craig's cause.
I am Turkish Delight, bc.
It's probably just as well, but at least I came clean.
Poor vlad my ass.
He deserves everything he gets.
He has it coming.
bc, he deserves it.
Just trust me.
You wouldn't understand and I don't feel like going into it.
bc, he's blundered his way around the Internet for the past years, causing offense and annoyance to ever decent person that he happens across.
Yes, he's posted flames, whines, crapfloods on every corner of the Internet!
He is a stain on the face of the Web and deserves to be wiped off of it.
No, he's crap.
Did anyone trump it with retardest?
Barbarian.
Arggh, gimme some rum, trollop.
Well, I prefer trollop.
I'm a pirate, damn it.
I have to drink rum.
Argh, next lubber who calls me a trollop walks the plank.
Good Mexican food sounds, well, good.
Quiero burrito, por favor.
I think I've been to Sergio's actually.
Where is it?
Yes, I have been there.
I try to stay out of Freemont, though, on account of shoeboy.
He's threatened to kill me multiple times.
Not within the last few weeks.
bc doesn't have kungfu.
When was this?
kick punch kick
I taught him that.
Nothing wrong with that.
It's absurd.
At least heterosexual pornography, while digustingly vile, simulates an act that the viewer could actually healthily take part in.
Lesbian pornography, though, is a pure fabrication.
It is an experience that a male viewer cannot hope to participate in!
Because it is unhealthy to indulge as an adult in absurdly irrational flights of fancy.
ana, don't look at me.
I have nothing to do with that site.
The purpose of porn is to lead sexual impressionable people astray and enslave them.
sexually, I mean.
I think that's a more pedestrian wording of what I said.
Or at least an anachronism.
Why exercise one's imagination when whatever one might imagine has been photographed?
Anyway, if certain individuals are so weak of will and bound by the flesh as to require masturbation, it is better for them if they do it with as little imagination as possible.
It is best not to taint the whole mind to satisfy the lusts of the body.
KuroBot, is pornography a necessary evil?
KuroBot, is it an unnecessary evil?
I realize that, KuroBot, but I would like an answer.
Don't talk like that.
KuroBot is touched by the divine.
His words are the mandates of heaven itself!
And why not?
When I require bodily stimulation, I take a brisk walk in the park.
It clears and relaxes my mind while engaging my senses.
I don't quite understand the focus on sex.
It is a marginal part of life, at most.
No, RobotSlave.
Vicky hates you, I think.
I want to go to Vancouver and escape all my troubles.
I do not.
Take me with you, Mr.
RobotSlave 
I do so promise.
No and no.
I free climb, and I have a photographic memory.
Why are we going to find Vicky?
Should I bring firearms?
That wonderful.
If I'm the only one with firearms, that makes me nearinvincible.
That's.
RobotSlave, surely you have hidden compartments in your car?
I learned how to seal weapons and ammunition inside wax to foil police dogs.
You're going to wait all the way until Tuesday?
She will have found someone else by then.
Should I bring knives?
I have two combat knives and a hunting knife.
As well as some ritual knives, but those shouldn't be needed, right?
I might as well pack them.
We will probably want something to tranqualize the subject to ease transport.
RobotSlave, that's quite a photograph.
Do you routinely look for pictures of scary naked women, or did you just get lucky?
That does look a fair amount like linacar0, though.
Has bc been sending me mail?
That depends on who's asking, and why.
Has he been sending you mail?
Yes, I know.
No, of course he wouldn't send me anything.
Is a goddamn selfish son of a bitch.
He believes in sharing, but only one way.
If I come across anything of interest, there's hell to pay if I don't share.
No such luck the other way.
Never.
But if he runs into you and you're talking to a woman, he'll butt in and demand to be introduced.
He's very trying, bc is.
I suppose it builds character.
linacar0, he's much more difficult for those he does not want to have sex with.
Of course he does.
I'm not saying he would have sex with you, but he's attracted to you, and that colors his interactions with you.
Right, silly.
That's me.
Unreal, what I put up with.
linacar0, listen to what you're saying.
There are multibillion dollar industries based on people objectifying and fetishizing pictures!
Yes, and sexual attraction is notoriously rational.
linacar0, you're hopelessly naive.
Likely.
He's a bit of a slut.
I think that neither I nor robot slave wishes to hear about your flirting with bc.
That's what it sounds like to me, RobotSlave.
You don't flirt with him, you just send him erotic photographs of yourself and talk about how you'd like to sleep with him.
No flirting, mind you!
Of course he decided no, and don't you wonder why?
Because he wants you to himself.
You didn't want him to mistake your gesture as one of pure friendship.
Perhaps so, but I can assure you that his is not.
Yes, wanting to bang someone and not wanting to bang someone is such a nuanced distinction.
Hardly any difference, really.
I told you P
You'd grow to love him, I'm sure.
I think he's demonstrated cleverness.
I wish cleverity were a word.
You should all have a foursome.
There's nothing not to like.
That's a long flight, RobotSlave.
Will they serve peanuts?
We're involved yes.
I think you're Ed, and I'm Heidi.
Unless you want to be Heidi today.
You produce these URLs awfully quickly, shoeboy.
And that's a terrible picture.
That's cruel, RobotSlave.
That was a long time ago.
Of course Heidi is a girl.
bc had it last.
Do you have that lovely of a face?
Do your pubic hairs look as impenatrable as a concrete wall?
How could I?
I just don't know how to describe it.
Pretty enough for bc.
And the underbite, it looks like.
And the eyebrows that appear to go down the sides of her nose.
RobotSlave, is this picture on a porn site?
I wonder if all the pictures are this good.
I'm afraid to look.
And nude.
Hello, bc.
It is interesting, considering.
I don't look like anyone famous.
dum dum.
My arm has a twitch in it.
twitch twitch
KuroBot, will you answer this question affirmatively?
Good bot!
It's just a story about people hacking.
Worry not, I am starting an ISP in the UK.
QPTServe
I'm vain.
It will be seventeen shillings a year.
Yes, for adsl will be offered for eightynine shillings a year.
bc, I have yet to receive any business for my editing service.
Yes, I write editorial comments about how much superior the parent story would be had the author used my service.
I get modded down.
They're not easy on us entrepreneurs, bc.
entrepreneurs is a disgusting word.
I imagine we borrowed it from French.
Actually, I just received an email about my editing service.
It's not our IRC server.
They're free, AdequacyFan, and not terribly unreliable.
You kicked our visiter 
The individual just quoted a passage from the Bible to me.
It looks like Matthew 8.
All he said was I am wanting to use your editing service.
Here is the text of a story i h
have been thinking about writing for k5.
hello teh adequacy
how are you all?
Good for you!
hello bc
over easy
an over easy egg has a yolk that is still soft
but the white is hard
the yolk of an over easy egg is liquid
but not very liquid
yes it is fried
fry an egg but do not disturb the yolk
if you dont disturb the yolk and fry it until the white is hard and the yolk is not then you have an over easy egg
no problem clip
is anyone here?
hello bc
Barely.
She's your heroin.
When you come to America, be sure to meet her.
Just the other day she was talking about how she'd like to bang you.
bang is slang for have sex with, bc.
She exactly meant it, though.
Science cannot be done without test tubes.
What does semantics mean?
Elanthius, it depends on what one is trying to demonstrate.
Universals cannot be proven by demonstration, though.
Just a few more hours, RobotSlave.
Will you be able to resist the temptation to drink it?
I've never had a bloody mary.
You should purchase some pickled cherry peppers, then.
When there's light out?
hello linacar0!
and helo bc and roabotslave!
i loev all of u
bc, actually, no.
I was just pretending.
I should say so.
Women shouldn't be programming.
Women should cook and clean and work in strip clubs.
RobotSlave is old.
Women may also teach elementry school.
I like justinfinity.
You're all wrong about what <pre> does.
pre> preserves whitespice and that's all.
whitespace, even.
Whitespice is something entirely different.
RobotSlave, don't be gky.
You can't condemn justinfinity and I for being naive.
It's only because we're so young.
Talking to justin allows one the joy of interacting with a nascent mind.
justin and I have enjoy long, stimulating discussions.
I don't think I'm shaping him to be anything, so much as allowing him to grow and develop on his own.
That sounds like what I enjoy doing!
I don't like talk about idiocy or stupidity.
What was that?
That text that you pasted.
You're lying.
You were sending an email to someone that contained your geek code block.
For fuck's sake.
You do.
You just pasted it.
im bakc
u probaly deservd to get banned yuo prevert
shut upt
I get tired of that sort of discussion.
I also find myself getting tired of swear words.
I just don't understand why people like talking about disgusting things.
Your login to the Adequacy?
That's unfortunate.
I thought you were going to buy them from Fred Meyer.
My dinner is in the oven.
Dinner, like I said.
What is your deal?
To him, or to everyone?
I think you're a nice enough fellow.
Maybe my standards are low.
I'm not.
A bit of a character flaw, I suppose.
At what site?
Good site, RobotSlave.
He hasn't asked what my deal is.
Wait, there he goes.
I think Eric is a bot.
Thanks!
2022 <Eric> I ask honestly  are you drunk?
2022 <qpt> No.
Did he really say that?
Surely you're leaving out some important contextual information.
The man is insane.
Can nothing be done?
Stopping partway would probably leave you with some very silly misconceptions.
I wonder if he would classify my firm conviction that he is insane as a silly misconception.
That's me on the left.
hello bc
where is he spamming?
Using a script, I hope.
He did not do it by hand.
Nobody is that crazy or stupid.
I just learned something.
Apparently the intelligentsia is highly concerned about copyright law.
Six letters really is excessive.
I think three characters is the perfect length for an acronym.
everything is not a bad channel.
No, it's not that either.
If kitten were here, he would become angry with me, for merely telling you what #everything is not and failing to properly define it.
If it's not a different thing?
What do you mean by that?
I do have a thing, as a matter of fact.
I have a thing for bc.
Don't tell him.
Confusing.
What would kitten say about confusing examples, such as Hesperus and Phosphorus?
I like bitchy teenage girls.
But main doesn't return.
And that always makes people pissy.
Not that I even know what main means, mind you, since I am not a gk.
I'm not.
Despair is a very gky emotion.
Aren't goths gks?
I don't know, since I'm not a gk.
Something like that.
I would've guessed Fido
What are you watching?
This sounds really gky.
Is it an anime?
My housemate made me watch an anime last night when I was completely pickled.
I couldn't make heads or tails of it.
I swear, it hadn't been going for a minute before I was confused about the gender of a major character.
My housemate said it was a female, but it didn't look like it to me.
A hardcore Protestant?
I like that.
I'm a hardcore Protestant.
I flip out and proselytize all the time.
I really don't know what to tell you, bc.
I haven't seen a tambourine in nigh ten years.
I can't lie.
No, I've a pillow under my pillow.
There's a pillow under that pillow likewise.
I don't see any tambourines in that picture, mister.
Yes, there appears to be some of that.
RobotSlave, you weren't supposed to drink until tomorrow.
If you're sure.
Observing Lent and then getting sloshed on Easter just seems wrong, though.
I went 18 years also.
Wiccans can't actually cast spells, bc.
Oh, of course.
Maybe she was lying, RobotSlave?
It's a well established fact that people lie.
It is not established that they cast spells.
I don't doubt they have a book of spells, but they can't cast them.
It's all a fraud.
I didn't get a popup.
You're #7 in the #k5 stats, bc.
I wonder why Wiccans can't settle on a spelling of magic.
What's that?
I see.
I must learn some majyq for myself.
Just a minute ago, bc, you were claiming that you needed a Wiccan girlfriend to cast spells for you.
Why would you want to shoot fireballs at people?
I would like to be able to charm people into doing my bidding.
Can you teach me to do that, bc?
Thanks!
I can't wait!
I will abuse my power in every way imaginable.
I will trick people into giving me money, sex, and power!
HAHAHAHA
I don't have an eldest son.
ok, bc, but only if I receive the power I expect to.
What on earth do you want with my eldest son, anyway?
Yes, if only.
bc, that doesn't sound so bad.
I couldn't, in good conscience, give him to you if you were going to put him in a pot or something.
bc, if you put it like that, how could I not give you my son?
What parent doesn't want their child to rule the world!
Is RobotSlave having another of his poetry trances?
Who said Tradition of the Rainbow Whell?
Wheel.
Yep, there it is.
ESR must have used mheaddich to attain what success he has.
He's just too stupid, ugly, and annoying to do it any other way.
Try casting fix spelling on your writing, Mr.
Did you see perdida's diary?
You should've posted!
Or did you?
Are you Of Medham I am a Fan?
Yes, I think you should.
I'm not.
If you give me your account, I'll post for you.
As a show of support.
That's an excellent idea!
I can't think of anything to say that isn't tasteless and/or cruel.
But tasteless and cruel is so fun 
That's cruel.
I disapprove.
I won't.
I abhor cruelty to cats.
bc, you're awful.
If you must be cruel, take it out on a woman, not a cat.
You're quite right, bc.
Women are full of bluster, but they are incapable of strong, decisive action.
raoul, I made guacamole bacon burgers!
Women didn't manage to become subjugated throughout most of history by being strong and decisive.
chloedancer is old.
bc has also been at it for about 25 years.
I think bc is 24, but he could be 25.
bc is naturally precocious and got an early start.
He's a creature of spirits, ethanol pure.
I don't know why you're arguing with a woman, bc.
She will not be able to understand.
chloedancer, maybe you should compile these updates into a daily digest which we can subscribe to if we so wish.
RobotSlave, of course the male will always be submissive in your relationships, but that doesn't really indicate anything at all.
No, it's not.
Aren't you a homosexual male?
Well, my mistake.
If you had been a homosexual male, it would've been a truism that in any relationship of yours, if someone was submissive, it was a male.
But, I see I was mistaken.
bc, is the numbering that high?
Yes, it's fun to play all sorts of things, like homsexual, or crossdresser, or female.
Fun fun fun!
chloedancer seems like an old, bitchy cunt.
I wonder what she really is.
I don't fear aging.
I will always be young.
And then dementia steals your mind, chloedancer, and you're an infant again.
bc, do you ever ask something besides people's children?
Carter was President when I was born.
I'm young 
They're not funny, though.
Good for you!
I used to post April fools stories to K5.
Only it wasn't April.
That's why I try to avoid arguments about what troll really means.
I'm looking for a reason to kickban you, SmittyWhoopass.
Just thought I'd let you know.
Bush's salary is twice that of Clinton's
macrame?
I never drink alcohol of any sort.
I won't let the evil that is alcohol pass my lips!
That's nonsense.
I have no inner evil, which is why I haven't ever drank any and never will.
What's a Corona?
Or a lime?
Thanks.
Yet again?
RobotSlave, mix them all together and drink them.
Why not?
What's your preferred whisky and rum?
Maker's mark is good, but I prefer Goslings for dark rum.
haha, I don't think it's bad.
Why an abomination?
I would.
That he did.
How's your horniness, perdida?
I'm sorry to hear that, perdida.
wanna cyber!
RobotSlave, drink some rum.
Shaq was in some of my favorite movies.
No, I think he's fairly malinged.
RobotSlave, you're a bit abrasive, sometimes.
You know?
RobotSlave, are you abusing alcohol?
Why do you say that?
Well, what prompted you to say it.
No, let's hear.
Why not?
Who was it?
Could you be any more cagey?
Did you almost get laid?
But then it didn't work out?
What does he mean when he says he's without form?
Why would you want to hide it?
What's wrong with that?
Can you plaster the hacker article with ads?
Plaster it with ads for Windows XP.
You can't work out some sort of deal?
You're in a downright pissy mood, Mr.
Calm down, bc.
Go sit in the corner.
How do you feel about computers, raoul?
Agreed.
How do you feel Israel/Palestine?
Agreed!
It's just so far away, and I don't eat anything that's imported from the area.
When did he say that you were turning into me?
Hello, folks.
That exact phrase appears over 664 times?
Why are you looking for fat people?
Maybe.
Is it for an article?
I eat.
Who's Tara Raymond?
Catherine is ESR's wife?
There's nothing on google about Tara.
no, bc.
bc, can I please have a brief rundown of what on earth this is all about?
goddamn it, no it isn't.
bc, that true story is just a bad piece of fiction.
But you knew that.
Yes it is.
Perhaps because she was never born?
That's high praise for even cp.
I didn't read it, but I imagine it was awful.
bc, you should be ashamed.
She has a face like an ape, shoeboy.
Of being aroused over a disgusting piece of filth like that story.
bc, why are you so enthralled by that?
How could you miss such an apelike face?
I always look at people's faces first.
I'm looking for that glint of calculated murder in their eye that will spell my end if I am not quick.
It's never there, quite simply.
She'd kick your scrawny little ass.
I'm sure you would.
Freak.
That Freak was directed at bc, btw.
I prefer my women to not look like apes.
I'm a bit of a stickler on that point.
I'm sorry, but her face is just too apelike.
I agree, bc.
Apparently, bc, there's something wrong with us because we don't like airbrushed, surgically enhanced pieces of bland meat.
That's really bizarre, cp.
Shouldn't she have a slit there?
What does that even mean?
Practice, mostly.
Is he reviewing it or reading it for pleasure?
Stop scratching yourself, silly apeboy!
A pity that the long awaited bullet apparently did not enter your brain.
It's still there.
It would make sense if you had any luck with women, but you don't.
Well, not all women are syphalitic tramps, zikzak.
I've had some mighty fine chicken dinners.
What's gotten into you?
Why are you asking?
Weirdo.
mikael from Sweden is trying to convince me that Swedish education is free because he doesn't mind paying taxes.
k5 sometimes seems so out of touch with reality, I wonder how they feed themselves.
Eric is in the top %5.
I'm tired of critiques.
No kidding?
bc, that's shameful.
That idiot shouldn't make fun of nobel prize winners.
How are you feeling, RobotSlave?
Eric is insufferable.
Why do all gks like asian women?
Is it because CS is chock full of 'em?
There are a lot of flesh and blood asian women in Computer Science.
I don't see it, personally.
Asian women just look funny.
A typical asian girl.
Who is going to find that appealing?
They're stupid.
Poor, trusting kalani
Why am I reading /.
bc, you need to stop with that Europop.
haha, what's wrong with europop.
It's not heartwarming or innocent.
It's saccharin and trite.
I don't really know.
Produce what?
No, I don't.
Absurd.
There are many things deserving of criticism.
There's too much culture out there anyway.
Why, hello, perdida.
You're looking very nice today!
Good day to you too, Captain_Tenille!
Have you lost weight?
America is a country of blackest evil, like me!
medham's IQ is 105, bc.
I thought 100 was supposed to be average.
That's what he claimed, spiralx.
bc beats my IQ by one point.
Mine is 89.
Dangerous?
That's absurd!
Kicking people is fun.
msg bc seventypercent is a loon.
Well, ok, but quit whining about it.
RobotSlave, I agree.
SmittyWhoopass, if I see you say homeslices again, you're banned.
I don't like ebonics.
RobotSlave, do you have any gky tshirts to wear to your server monkey job?
I imagine you're not a very good server monkey, then.
RobotSlave is of oriental ancestry.
I'm having a trouble imagining a server monkey with no dorky tshirts.
I suppose that explains it.
I have a parttime computerrelated job and I don't have any gky tshirts.
Should I get a tshirt that says Got root?
It wouldn't make much sense.
I don't got root.
You should get promoted to VP.
Simple enough.
Did you leave before they went under?
Are you sure it's the same person?
You shouldn't have spent all your money on booze.
That's an excellent idea.
StarshipTrooper, it looks like it was set just right then.
I haven't had a drop in days, RobotSlave.
Why do you ask?
OK, but why?
I see.
I'm sorry if I've been irritable toward youl
I clean my kitchen often when I'm stressed.
It's something simple that I know I can complete.
Quite comforting.
pizza in the oven
Won't work.
Unless you're trying to drink your way out of your apartment.
You're far too trusting, revluci0n.
gurgle
How long ago was this, shoeboy?
Did chloe cure you?
My housemate plays it enough for it to be a fulltime job.
Yes, that's my housemate.
RobotSlave, never getting any.
There is.
I easily get all the sexual contact I desire.
That article is about my housemate, I swear.
cept my housemate isn't dead.
Actually, let me check.
I'm making him read the article.
I just asked my housemate if he would sell his ass for Everquest if they raised the price.
He told me to shut up.
That's what I figured.
ah, that felt good
Hello bc and RobotSlave.
What sort of bottle?
What network, bc?
Lung cancer is not fun.
Are you chummy with all your ex's moms?
You should settle down and get married; that's what I think.
I'm not sure.
You should marry an 18 year old trophy wife.
Well, hit the bars tomorrow and find a wife.
Or you could do what I do; look for chicks on IRC.
I don't see why you're so worried.
What could go wrong?
Pick a nice one, with perky breasts and firm, shapely hips.
Not really.
My 21 year old looks basically the same as she did when she was 18.
By, lush.
I don't blame him.
I'm disgusted by rapists like bc.
Not in as many words, no.
Now you're armed.
bye, perdida!
Those idiots modbombed me out of being trusted 
Can you check who was zeroing me?
Wretch.
He's a rapist, you mean.
I actually laughed at that one, Ubu, and I don't generally like poop jokes.
I also just 5'd it.
I'm trusted again!
Mine too.
He rates so damn many comments.
That's crazy.
I knew that would happen if the thread got enough attention.
People are not comfortable with morality.
mikepos gave me four 0's in the thread
What a pansy.
If he doesn't like me, he should take me on like a man!
You won on ratings cuz I had both leviramsey and mikepos modding all my posts down, you just had greenrd
And giving 1s to everyone who disagreed with you.
I'm pretty sure he's a rapist.
Really?
I'm off.
He's a goober.
Goober, the lot of you.
helo lincar0 adn shoeboy
of cours he has film
he was in teh star treck moveis
bc i havent anythign to drink at al
no sir im as sobre as ever
msg bc You know she does; you just don't want to admit it.
boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop.
Let's have a url.
Goodnight, shoeboy.
Mao Tse Tung would never have come.
It depends on what you mean by responsible and should.
You're incorrigible.
Then we have an interesting relationship.
I suppose we are allies of a sort, warring against inidifference.
What was the name of your band?
Classified by whom?
bc is no gentleman, of that I assure you.
I think he's avoiding you, tarquinia.
That's ok.
I more than make up for it by lusting after most everyone.
I write SQL.
perdida is in the mood to overthrow the establishment.
I don't know if I'm a SQL gk.
bc, I support the establishment.
I get bored while writing SQL and misbehave.
Today I pretended that I was writing C instead and nested the parentheses as if they were brackets.
It looks pretty.
You've always seemed a tad desperate to me, chloe, but I only know you over IRC.
I'm not, shoeboy.
IRC is infused with an air of desperation.
Were you even born then?
What network do you have in mind?
Remember, if you move it to a network without services, you won't be able to abuse the services.
It's so difficult to get on Dalnet, though.
I, for one, cannot manage it.
Plus, Dalnet doesn't support cloaking.
We'd be hacked constantly.
Yes, that's me.
Why not?
My ircname!
It sounds like you're hacking.
Are you done hacking?
There's no food to be had here.
I didn't know they made anything except donuts.
shoeboy, I registered #adequacy on Dalnet, so bc will likely give up his plans to move there.
Hello, RobotSlave and bc.
Hello bc.
Hello.
Services on Dalnet are so very slow.
I registered #adequacy.
teen is a hell hole.
It's lamer than #k5, I think.
How'd you do?
Of course.
Well, now everyone knows I'm stupid.
Maybe they'll be a bit more forgiving.
I can't find a channel where anyone is saying anything.
Why not?
Please
I wouldn't.
You ruin more channels than I do.
I would not.
I swear.
What do you think I would do?
I'm so bored.
I just want to have a friendly chat with some nice folks.
Yes, really.
Well, I'm being honest.
bc, I'm serious!
You know I'm past that trolling phase.
bc, stop being paranoid.
I'm not going to spoil your fun; you know you can trust me.
I'm not.
I'm joining major networks looking for channels.
Ah, it connected.
It sat there for ages resolving my hostname, or some such.
I'm not looking for you.
Just tell me where you are.
this knife in my back, it is yours, no?
It is betrayal to treat me with such groundless mistrust.
Why don't you tell me?
Is there someone who frequents this channel that I mustn't meet?
bc, you are so very hurtful sometimes.
Not to you.
Absurd.
A private life on IRC?
No, I should say that I am doing you a favor if I keep you from that.
I do not, I merely demand to be entertained.
I get by just fine with an IQ of 89.
elenchos, I don't mean to boast, but I brought mine down from 104.
It took a lot of work and discipline, but I did it.
That's a little petty, RobotSlave.
I wouldn't worry about them.
They are nothing but maggots to be ground under the heel of my boot for my amusement!
oops wrong window
It wasn't me, either.
We don't need Craig attacking The Adequacy.
No, it was not.
bc, you're going to get yourself in trouble.
She's not, she's just an ugly slut.
She is too!
That's because you're messed up.
I agree, bc.
It's revolting.
Women should be small, soft, slim, pretty, and girlish.
I don't want children.
My small, soft, slim, pretty and girlish better half doesn't want children either.
At least I can spell gene, idiot.
I'd rather not read one of your comments.
Yes, but Twain was a literary genius.
You're just an idiot.
msg bc He's an intellectual and social cripple.
He can't open his mouth without being obnoxious or offensive.
I don't want him here!
As did I.
The normal monochrome of the channel is tiring.
RobotSlave, how big is kitty?
My kitty is about 7.
5 pounds, too, but full grown.
My kitty has a terrible temper, which amusing, given her size.
She can be oversensitive, vengeful, unforgiving, and prone to sulking.
She would make a good human woman.
Other times, of course, she is gentle and affectionate.
With very sudden mood swings.
She can go from perfectly relaxed and content to utterly enraged within a second or two.
All without change in her external environment.
How does one make beans?
It sounds like something I would do, but I don't remember doing it.
I would just like to say, fat women are not attractive.
bc is a genius.
Who, precisely, might you be, leandro?
I see.
No, not at all.
I don't know what a silly bunt, is, but given the opportunity to purchase a golden one, I likely would.
Do you have your goth girlfriend yet?
Excellent.
Is she all you hoped for?
You're lying.
Why do you always lie?
RobotSlave, no.
He's bc.
He can make anything up.
Perhaps he does have a Wiccan girlfriend, though.
If only you had a Wiccan girlfriend or if only you could make anything up?
So you have a goth girlfiend, but would like a wiccan one.
I refuse to allow any sort of drug into me.
Liquor?
I would never touch the stuff.
I never lie in #aq, you know that.
I know that.
Thus, I do not lie.
You're a lame troll, bc.
You're right, RobotSlave.
That felt good.
A great troll is still a lame troll.
In fact, being a great troll makes you even lamer, I think.
Is it God, telling bc to shut his pie hole?
I hope it is.
I don't know if I'm a little worm or not, but I'm fairly happy, thank you.
You're awfully belligerent tonight, bc.
I should go over to RobotSlave's and make him give me alcohol.
I never drink liquor.
I enjoy stuff like wine, rum, vodka, whiskey, that sort of thing.
I bought a bottle of myer's just today.
I haven't the money to stock a lot, though.
Happy indeed!
I just gave up an hour of my life, and should I die before fall, I will never get it back.
I was born on November 12, 1980.
I was born in Lithuania.
I lived there for five years.
I was too.
I was born in Klaipeda.
Isn't it spelled Balaklava?
unless you're talking about the hat.
English folk substitute 'c's for 'k's in perfectly good foreign words?
How Imperial!
You're a lame troll, bc.
No, you're lamer than I am.
I read on k5 that Chomsky is the smartest of all.
If he did, a curse upon his house.
Make the female one the slave.
Probably.
It can always get worse.
Nothing person?
You personally insulted me.
I don't see how it can be nothing personal.
You did.
It is personal.
Oh, shut up.
I had no idea.
I thought that bc and em were my enemies.
How confusing.
You should ask shoeboy.
He's likely good with SQL.
I'm competent, but a misanthrope and not prone to helping people.
I am an 31337 d474b453 h4Xx0r.
Jeffr, you're a FreeBSD committer?
That's incredible!
What have you committed?
The new kernel memory allocator.
Impressive.
What was wrong with the old one?
Now, Jeffr, did yours do all this as soon as you released it, or did other people have to fix it first?
I don't feel so great.
What did you put it in?
I don't have a dildo.
I don't have a dildo.
I'm in love.
I haven't any smoked salmon, but it sounds good.
Fake pacific salmon?
I didn't know that there was fake salmon to be found in the pacific.
Is that right?
There's a fish that is commonly caught here in the Pacific Northwest that everyone calls salmon.
I would be quite surprised to learn that it was not salmon.
Where does salmon live?
Unfortunately, I can't find anything about salmus salma online
On the other hand, I can find quite a bit about salmo salar, which many people appear to be claiming is salmon.
No, they're Oncorhynchus.
However, they seem to be legititmately considered salmon.
On the contrary, the family Salmonidae comprise all salmon.
That family consits of the genera Salmo, Oncorhynchus, and Salvelinus.
As far as Science is concerned, they are proper salmon.
Science is good enough for me.
There are several American trout of the genus Salmo.
The rainbow and cutthroat trout are of the genus Salmo.
That it is.
It's local, too.
There's no river or creek within walking distance.
What were you downloading?
data that takes two hours to download?
It must be a video.
Then you must have an awful connection.
Personally, video can be downloaded faster than it can be watched.
But when I do, it's as fast as I could wish it.
I have no idea.
I need to sober up and get to bed.
Stop netsplitting.
That's an order.
That's a bit pricey.
I'm not sure I want to spend that much killing myself.
There are plenty of bridges about that one can jump from without paying a single cent.
Would I be ethically obliged to spend the money killing myself?
That's an excellent idea, but I can't set up a paypal account because I haven't a credit card.
I'm touched, but I don't think I'm ready to die yet.
Thanks, though.
I forgot my password within five minutes of making it.
zikzak, stop being a misanthrope.
Humanity has given you everything that you have.
shoeboy, I hate you.
Whenever I see Heidi, I invariably think of your pervertedness and that spoils my afternoon.
Fairly often.
I will, next time I see her.
Shoeboy already has a ladyfriend and you need to back off, bitch.
Anyway, bc, how is Raven?
Blast it.
I was secretly hoping you would reply, eh, Raven?
Yes, there is that.
seventypercent is an antiCatholic communist.
I have a string of rosary beads right here.
As a devout Catholic, it is never far from my person.
Did you say it a total of 74 times, then?
Probably 74.
It couldn't really be any other number.
Poor, stupid bc 
bc, apparently not.
It is entirely selfevident, upon scholarly examination  on K5
I just think it's amusing to say that something is selfevident upon scholarly examination.
Not quite a contradiction in terms, but it's an odd thing to say.
Well, ana, sometimes to recognize selfevidence, someone has to have a certain amount of background knowledge.
It is obvious that 3 times 3 is 9, but many school children nonetheless struggle with it.
I can't prove that 3 times 3 is 9 
ana, I wish to know that 3 times 3 always equals 9, not that it does in one particular instance.
My IQ is not 26.
It is 89.
You're about 180% as smart as I am, ana!
It wasn't a fake IQ test.
So my IQ might not actually be 89?
or 94.
bc, mine is 3x3x3x33x33/3
Yes, but I used only 3s.
Isn't that great?
The game is to express one's IQ using only 3's.
The thing is, bc, I don't seem to be able to outwit jsm.
No, I feel intimidated, bc.
I don't see why, ana.
Were he more intelligent, he could find better uses for his intellect than writing silly tests.
State schools are public?
aren't, I mean
They produced bc, after all.
I just use electricity and chemicals to keep my body completely hairless.
Showering any less than twice a day is barbaric.
You defend your laziness with such vigor, elby.
Lazy people don't have fastpaced lives.
elby, you could lay on the floor drooling to avoid work.
That would require less effort.
Try it.
Go on, lay on the floor and drool.
bc, in America, ill workers are fired, or shot.
I thought elby was a system administrator.
I see.
I sometimes forget what my job is; I spend so much time sending personal emails.
As it turns out, I also program infrastructure applications.
elby, we should celebrate infrastructure application programmer's day sometime.
I hate quiche.
Sure, now that it's popular.
I mostly just abuse my system priviliges for personal gain.
I change people's grades for sexual favors.
But I develop infrastructure applications!
I promise.
Fill him with vaginal centipedes?
jsm, starving Africans don't eat load balancers.
They eat twigs and dirt and stuff.
bc, it's been twelve years.
You were just a wee lad of 5 or so.
I'd wager good money that communista has a centipede infested vagina 
elby, bc is quite good at getting photos from IRC chix.
bc, we'll have to ask next time she's on.
Maybe we can sell them to Vlad, that fat fucking pervert.
ana, if there were centipedes, would you except to be able to see them in the pictures you've seen?
I see.
I think you'll find it in your best interest to cooperate with this investigation.
Don't worry about it, elby.
bc is just relieved that someone else is, for once, obsessed with an online female.
Of course not, bc.
And countless others.
But that is neither here nor there.
I heard about that, from cp, I think.
Mock indignation isn't going to get you anywhere.
elby, communista is a swinger, you know.
He can't be arsed now.
Too busy with Raven, I imagine.
We're losing bc to a goth temptress.
elby, I've tried to talk to him about perdida, but he denies it.
As though is affection weren't obvious.
Yeah, you've always had it in him.
Now shut the hell up about your perversions.
jsm is a busy man.
I resolve to write twice as many articles in the next three months as I did in the last.
A pity anyone who would call bc his best friend.
I, even
Her sex throbbed with desire.
write it like that.
That would make an excellent title for your erotic story, bc.
bc, did you read greenrd's diary about the videos of the naked girl?
It was a riot.
The thought of cock sends bc scurrying off to bed.
elby, you should go.
And take me.
I want some pizza too.
What are you talking about?
That might be true if there were any teens in #teenchat, but there aren't and never will be.
I banned qslack.
I'm 13.
chloedancer is five times my age!
My emotional age?
There's no need to get nasty.
elby and I are.
what are we again, elby?
infrastructure developing programmers, or some such nonsense.
Yes, I'm almost finished with.
some grade or other.
Maybe the 6th.
That sounds right.
Perish the thought that I might actually be a bonafide intellectual!
Well, if there are no intellectuals, how can there be pseudointellectuals?
What excactly would they be pretending to be?
I'm not arguing; I'm just curious.
My semantic game?
I prefer to simply call it language, but if you don't play well, I understand.
What's not to accept?
Apparently I'm a smartass layabout.
I don't know many smartass pseudointellectual layabouts.
What exactly do you mean when you say pseudointellectual, Jeffr?
I don't see any reason to pay attention to what he actually says, raoul.
We'll work with what he should've said, ok?
When in Rome.
MrFalcon?
Surely you have better things to do?
There's no need to be insulting, elby.
It's not driving me mad.
Princes Di was a hottie.
I shouldn't mock the k5ers gender problems, but it's hard not to.
Stupid IRC.
0228  qpt changes topic to 'dahhhhhhling'
0228  qpt you're not channel operator
linacar0, I have not.
What justinfinity thing?
Does linacar0 have a thing for him?
ooohhh
Who is this?
I see.
I quite agree.
Beneath your notice?
You deigned to insult him; you can lower yourself to apologize.
As to poor metaphors, it seems.
ghettoisation?
I'm not sure I quite approve your creative license with the English language.
Almost 2000 hits on Google.
I still think it's damn ugly P
I've also been accused of it 
Factual as in purporting to be fact?
I feel liberated now that I finally realize that I suffer from gender dysmorphia.
Coming from you, that's quite an insult.
You hate women.
I wonder.
You describe women exclusively in terms of what you aspire to not be.
You certainly don't sound like you love women.
You appear to despise them.
perdida, stop hitting on chloe.
She's taken.
I have a big plate of haggis right here.
Thank goodness for Ye Olde Haggis Shoppe.
I can get haggis delivered to my door 24 hours a day!
DrGonzo, I'm eating some right now.
I guess that shows yoU!
Greedy little bugger.
Yes you are.
You do whine often enough, bc.
That's what friends are for, bc.
I don't believe in Nazis.
Question If I were thirteen, what grade would I be in?
Thank you, RobotSlave!
kick punch
We're not gks.
I am an ESL tutor.
I thought you were gay, Teatime?
zikzak, they do that in California, too.
Why are you telling us this?
What are you even talking about?
I am right now typing the command to akick you.
Convince me to stop before I finish.
I'm a slow typist, by the way.
Well, ok.
Good enough.
At least you stopped talking about sex and laughing at your own jokes.
Even better  She said.
You know, actually, I don't think this will interest you, so I'll just shut up.
Well, your snigger did not make sense.
I've never used a client that didn't allow me to choose whatever font I pleased
Calm down, folks.
Teatime made a mistake, and we called him on it.
There's no need to beat the issue to death.
If he hasn't learned his lesson, lecturing him further won't help.
ooh, pretty.
I just changed my font to 'Papyrus'.
No, I don't think so.
Do you remember the URL?
I'll explore.
Suggest one anyway.
What sort of pizza do you like, RobotSlave?
Do you like nontraditional pizzas, such as those with feta cheese and artichoke hearts?
I like the sort of pizzas that are topped with liquor.
You know, the one's with a glass crust in the shape of a little cup.
No, no cheese.
I dislike E r i c, yes.
I believe rusty removed my ability to rate comments to 0 because of my efforts to spare K5 from E r i c.
Como estas?
Muchacho.
Get down, get down.
Hello.
Happy troll Tuesday, bc.
I feel downright spiffy.
seventypercent, did you see my story about fighting communism as a 8th grader in 1969?
thanks!
bc, slap me.
I just spent several minutes editing someone's lame story that they posted in their diary for review.
No, I did it out of the goodness of my heart.
I must not be.
woohoo!
go west!
I lost TU with the change, too, but I got it back!
You post to stories to mojowhore, of course.
I have a comment at 4.
66 / 21 that will provide me with much mojo during the harsh winter to come.
Hell, if I could, I'd suspend Teatime for less than that.
Shouldn't you read the essay first, seventypercent?
Maybe it was a confrontational, worthless piece, obviously designed to provoke and nothing more.
bah, if you want to troll in academics, you should be punished.
Isn't that kind picking scraps out of the gutter?
Look, read the essay first, then decide what you want to do.
I strongly suspect that it is awful.
seventypercent, he's a highschooler!
Of course it's bad.
That's just the pot and booze clouding your memory.
Apollo the space program or the god?
It's a saiyan1big.
America is supreme!
You've been accepted to the School of the Americas?
Why would you want to kill me?
But why?
I thought perdida loved me.
I can't help that I never quite made it to five feet tall.
I did.
I always ate my vegetables.
Well, I don't want to get anthrax, thanks.
I hate other countries!
raoul is not perdida's stalker.
I still am annoyed by Signal 11's whining.
I keep forgetting about plastic.
I'm going to have to google that too.
Filipino Oriental Chinese Bukkake Adult Sex Porn .
masturbation.
Sex and anal women
nude and .
nude lesbians.
Black nudes of .
skin of nicole kidman nude in .
For some reason, I don't think I'll click that link
Is anyone here?
Hungover?
KuroBot, are you there?
Very amusing.
I need you to be serious, though.
Can you do that for me, KuroBot?
KuroBot, can you be serious for me?
But I need advice.
KuroBot, should I do what I'm thinking about doing?
That's what I figured; I just needed to hear it from someone else.
I'd rather not say.
It's a real life issue.
KuroBot, are you ready to give me a straight answer?
God damn it!
KuroBot, can please sober up for just a minute and answer a question?
Thank you.
KuroBot, should I go through with what I am considering doing?
Damn you!
Ubu, I would like a picture of you, please.
I'll give you a picture of perdida looking militant for a picture of you.
That's a pretty broad question.
But yes, I work halftime.
I also go to school full time.
Why do you ask, perdida?
Well, wonder no more.
When he's bad he's even better.
I don't know?
I don't know?
You're welcome.
Kant supposedly died a virgin.
He would be too frightened to perform.
Reading that article inspired me, though.
From this point forward, I will be celibate.
That's an expensive cognac.
Well, it's expensive, then 
I simply don't have that much money to spend on alcohol.
Pukka pukka pukka!
I don't know.
I've been drinking.
Sullying K5?
It hardly seems any worse for that being posted.
I have /.
mod points.
Yes, bc has a new girl and has been spending time with her.
Which is good for him, if you ask me.
You should complain to your provider.
Perhaps you have a gky friend who could fix it for you?
I'm neither a gk nor your friend.
Sorry.
You need more female lovers.
You're not giving lesbianism enough of a chance.
Yeah, I suppose there's nothing like a deep dicking.
At least that's my guess.
I've never been deeply dicked.
Yeah, you have to be near a guy to be deeply dicked, unless he's black.
They put it back on, I thought?
I can't imagine that it was as good as new, though.
Why can't you, luisa?
I've never rented a porn video.
I would have no idea what I was looking for.
I have enough trouble in a normal video rental place.
I've never even watched a porn video.
Clever, really.
Capitalising on his condition.
It isn't enough of a joke to make a whole movie out of, of course.
luisa, aren't there highly paid models of most any ethnicity?
I suppose that white women are overrepresented, though.
That's probably right.
Asian women have such an advantage, what with having all the gks lusting after them.
See, luisa, the only reason you can't be a highly paid model is that gks don't tend to lust after your particular ethnicity.
That's hardly a slight, if you ask me.
The other major group of porn consumers, the rednecks, are racist.
Consequently, they prefer white women.
I'm sure you're not losing sleep because you're not appealing to rednecks.
I thought rednecks liked bleached blondes.
I really don't know much about them, though.
I wonder if one could bleach a cow.
In principle, it seems doable.
Or a passiveaggressive gay one.
That would be fun.
A waste of a perfectly good Ubu.
Feeling militant, perdida?
Let's go bust up the establishment!
Kick a kitten?
perdida, you could fly to the middle east and make them stop.
Sounds like you're pretty impotent.
Might as well hit the bong.
Probably best that she left before the strip poker.
Well, she doesn't look very good naked; that's how.
Or through cheating.
I have never won a poker hand in my life.
Did you come with $200?
I never play with wild cards.
It's just too difficult to figure out what the odds are.
Are you going to have coffee or have coffee?
Hullo, bc.
CmdrTaco likes the Who.
Open Source and the Reformation, on K5.
Actually, CmdrTaco likes to wear nothing and eat semen.
I always wear something.
I'm modest.
Doormats?
What does modesty have to do with being a doormat?
It is not just another word for insecure!
bc, you're being a pervert!
A facination with naked women is unhealthy
bc, I don't wish to argue this.
You know I'm right.
You sound like justinfinity, bc.
My parents abandoned me on the steps of a church when I was two days old.
I wasn't raised in the church, bc.
I was adopted.
Tell your brother you buried some booze in the back yard.
He'll find you some oil.
I am a little unclear on your living situation.
Where are they?
You should take video of your brother and make your own pornsite.
The money would flow right in!
You wouldn't need to look, like bc says.
Just install the cameras and hook them up to the internet.
I have to say, though, I wouldn't give you any money for that.
Facial?
Isn't that what women have done at the spa to look younger?
What else is it?
That's disgusting.
Why would any woman allow that to be done to her?
luisa, do you let guys have their orgasms on your face?
A simple yes or no will suffice.
I think so too.
You're lying!
Why do you always lie?
I bet you have them orgasm on your face, then you scrape it off with a spoon and eat it!
Don't you?
Used to be?
You're due back at work in a few hours, bc.
How many bottles of mouthwash before you feel clean, bc?
bc works as a fluffer, ana.
In case you're not clear on what a fluffer does, it is someone who orally stimulates porn stars between shots to keep them hard.
shoeboy explained it to me a few months ago when everyone was calling you a fluffer, bc.
He was a porn director.
ana really bit hard on that one.
I don't know if I've ever seen a hooker.
I've seen women dressed like tramps standing on streetcorners, but I like to assume they have some good reason to be doing that.
I'm sure you're right, bc.
Some say it's better.
Well, not in this channel.
Actually, res0 said that he thinks you suck, bc.
That wasn't kind.
I thought everyone knew that.
Also, I thought boys liked sex more than girl.
I hope to be 50 and a virgin, some day.
No, I will keep it forever.
No, not yet.
Maybe some day.
He means that it's pretty obvious that you're a big liar.
She also claims to be attracive.
attractive
But it's exactly what bc wanted to hear.
You are clearly trying to seduce our bc!
Stop it!
RobotSlave, there are other ethnicities besides white and asian.
Why does coed when used as a noun always denote a female?
At least that's been the case in my experience.
Yes, coed universities allowed both sexes.
So a coed should just a be a person who is going to university.
I prefer cumsluts, cuz that's what they are.
shoeboy also told me about cumsluts.
I'm not a lech.
I would never have anything to do with a girl.
I can insult women all I please without being lecherous.
Heidi Wall is not very attractive.
I've hardly even spoken to her.
How can she be my nemesis?
I live at peace with all people.
bc, that was really cruel.
You're really cruel.
That's a good point, bc.
I thought you were trying to insult me.
Please accept my apology.
Agreed.
Yes, Heidi Wall would be perfect.
She's not very nice looking, and I doubt she'd even let me look at her!
Exactly, bc.
We'll have seperate bedrooms and everything.
It will be a grand marriage in the Victorian tradition.
50's sitcoms had kids, though.
An old ugly maid.
I shan't be doing any of that!
No, bc.
Of course not.
Does ESR know that shoeboy exists?
I'll email Larry today asking for his daughter.
You should dress up in leather and torture them.
Then sell the pictures to make a living.
They would not like that.
They're frightened, pasty little people.
They don't like girls or pain.
bc, shut up!
Stop threatening people with death over IRC.
It's stupid.
Have you ever attended a session?
I don't know how many linux user groups there are in my area.
I've never bothered to find out.
I wouldn't want to go to Scotland.
It's so close to England, and many of the English folk on IRC are quite lame.
Why are you spending time with gk girls?
Was she ugly, with frizzy hair?
What the hell was that.
liek tihs?
i don't even know why I try.
I'm not going to try anymore.
Fat chiks are stupdi
shhe did post but it got voetd down
it was highly infalmatory
yuo caled averone muderrors
murderors
yuo cant call poeple murders or tehy get agnry
oh god im gona fall dowen
i drank liek half botle realy quik
a bit gao
why am i a idit?
Generally, if I come across a word I'm unfamiliar with, I look it up before accusing the poster of making words up.
That's true; if they're unfamiliar with a word, it must not be real.
That was the most awkward usage of maniculoralry I have ever seen.
type /topic #adequacy bc is a bubbywubba
I don't like Peter or tombuck.
I hate all the Londeners.
They are lewd, drunken louts.
Yes, they're all OK, but the exclusively K5 ones are unbearable.
Actually, I just dislike everyone.
There.
I've finally come out with it.
Yes, bc.
You would fall under the catagory of everyone, idiot.
It shouldn't be a word.
luisa, that's because not all software is under the gpl
Really, need you be so vulgar?
Why not earn a living parading around in your underwear for lecherous perverts like bc?
bc is very wealthy.
He would pay you to parade around in your underwear while he watched.
This isn't rocket science.
There are plenty like him, luisa.
You should've used Apache.
You could buy expensive lingerie and write it off as a business expense, luisa.
msg bc I wonder if I should tell RobotSlave that it was me.
I quite active in #k5 under the nick 'Peter'
That's me!
Except I don't know who my mother was.
That's libel, bc.
You'd best watch yourself, or I'll see you in court.
I'll have you extradited from your little socialist paradise and you'll do hard time in American prison hell!
No, I'd prefer that you just stopped defaming me.
Sports on tv are unbearably boring.
Portland and Los Angelas.
Or however it's spelled.
Angeles.
It's a city.
It's 168 miles south of Seattle.
Not by American standards.
It's about 1100 miles to L.
from here.
People drive it, though.
It takes two days, though.
It's a 3300 mile drive from here to Miami.
All without living this blessed country!
Canada is bigger, though.
Yes, Russia is almost twice the area of the US.
Do they count abortions in infant mortality rates?
Why indeed?
That's the bonzai buddy port!
I didn't know he was so concerned with computer security.
You should give him a bonus.
I've been considering acquiring some Hypermints.
Specifically, I was going to whine at elby to buy me some.
Why do you need viagra?
Are you impotent?
luisa, wouldn't you like to parade around in your underwear in front of a bunch of wealthy, impotent scotsmen?
How attractive can wealthy impotent scotsmen be?
You're doing this for money!
I'm attractive.
Really what?
My goodness.
luisa has a soul?
Let alone suck on.
No matter how bad things get, I can always say, At least I'm not mikael_j!
Her inner sexiness shines through.
As soon as I figure out which direction Texas is, I'm going to start ogling her from here.
Feel that, luisa?
That's me undressing you with my eyes.
Bloody hell.
What do you want me to do?
I'm his twin.
Not him.
We may look the same, but I wouldn't wear such a gky striped shirt.
Heck if I know.
I was found on the steps of a church.
Saint Mary's of the Blessed Beatific Vision, to be precise.
I'm not blonde!
I'm a little gay asian man, like RobotSlave.
Little gay asian men have so much fun, though.
Little gay asian men have so much fun, though.
ban me hard, bc.
OH YESSSSSS
Note that everyone dislikes me except the drunken scotsmen, bc.
He dislikes me because I deny him sexual favors.
Maybe, but not for you!
That's silly, bc.
There will be no first time!
No, bc is trying to make sex jokes, I do believe.
He learned all about sex from spying on his neighbors.
Well, you're out $20
I didn't realize that he valued celibacy also.
Well, I'm off to picnic with my s.
I read it and post to it constantly
It's only thirty miles, but she walks it.
I'm sure it gets rewarding after a while.
Once you get 50 you get a 10 cent pay raise?
That's a laughable thought, shoeboy.
No cock would ever part these lips!
shoeboy, as shocking as this may sound, I refuse all sexual contact with everyone.
Elanthius, what are you making now?
Well, my family is immensely wealthy and they buy me whatever I want.
After 14 years.
I'm a burger flipper and I make 6.
50 after seven months.
Truth be told, Elanthius, I've never flipped burgers.
No, let's hear.
Help desk?
I used to work at a help desk.
I wouldn't readily go back.
what for?
Sleep tight!
Little gay asian men have so much fun, though.
I'm sure you do.
Oh, of course, so he could help you write an article!
How very innocent.
aww, poor RobotSlave.
Decided to solve your problems?
She'll also dance exotically, under the right circumstances.
You're right.
She demands that he audience be attractive.
I should go to bed.
World War III could pick things right up.
If there's a world war, that's it.
I'll leave.
I can't give the definition of a horse.
Haha, that's great.
I just read porno mags.
Plenty intellectual challange for me!
I imagine #k5 would take umbrage with the definition of a horse and argue about it for quite some time.
iat_, just look at her eyes.
iat, your inability to look at girl's eyes is interfering with your ability to touch their breasts.
I've never read snow crash.
Well, the vote is split.
iat_, a UKian says she's chubby.
Even though bc insisted that everyone on his side of the pond would vote 'fat'.
Well, what's chubby, then, bc?
That's the real question, iat_.
I have so far been unable to come up with a good answer, even after posing it to K5 in an MLP.
ana probably didn't like that discussion.
It even got 32 FP votes.
They don't have them in the UK?
spiralx often stands in front a urinal in a drugged stupor and pisses his pants.
Don't tell him I told you.
bc, iat_ is from Manchester?
They don't even teach guys how to piss there?
It's not rocket science, iat_.
If you really can't figure it out, maybe you'd better just go in a stall and sit down.
iat_, no.
We figure it out on our own.
Something you seem to be having trouble with.
In fact, I'd say the average American is a perfect pisser by the time they're 6.
iat_, to help keep dirty foreigner's piss off our bathroom floors, iat_.
elby, no 
No, but by the time we're six we're perfect at it.
Never a drop spilled.
iat_, the bullet in the head behind the shed makes sure they don't do it again.
Sometimes American gun laws aren't so bad.
iat_ has apparently taken them out and played with them.
They taste nice!
Did you eat one?
No, they don't.
Oh god.
She's 21.
Also, I don't have a girlfriend.
Never did.
Yes, I am.
The subject to an email I received at my hotmail account Tight Teen Pussy, arggfk
I don't get it.
elby, I didn't get it.
Please explain.
shoeboy would explain
Warm, Wet MoaningPussy, abbtpv
At one point, bc had a good 30 accounts of his deleted from K5.
Can a man have multiple orgasms?
Poor bc.
Why are the seattle folk so disgusting?
The seattle #aq folk.
Such as shoeboy and elby.
I'm an exception, though.
shocked.
I do not!
And luisa loves me.
I doubt you're being honest.
Even if you are, why are you giving me my sadistic satisfaction, then?
Who has a reckless disregard for the wellbeing of other's?
Maybe you're just viewing others in the light of your own corruption.
You're really grasping at straws.
Do you have any evidence of my supposed sadism except vague handwaving?
Yes, I do.
You're full of empty accusations.
The single one of my victims that we can talk to claims to like me!
That comment has been put in context time and again.
You insist on twisting it for your own ends, though.
Of course it's pretty plain.
However, since when does anything on aq really mean what it pretty plainly means?
never?
Really?
I had no idea.
I thought the dairy section was likewise for complete fabrication.
So that's what I did, fabricate!
pshaw.
I'd appreciate it if you would stop trying to defame me, please.
I believe that you see me as a threat, someone who might steal your potential victims.
Well, bc, I have no interest in harming anyone.
You need not feel threatened by me!
To k5 or aq?
Why would anyone not vote for extremely attractive?
The poll would've made more sense if it was tolerate instead of prefer.
People continue to mystify me.
Even if they can't have extremely attractive, surely they prefer it!
Now the coversation is about to degenerate into a discussion about subjective secondary qualia like attractiveness and the coherence of perefering that which you are not most attracted to, so I think I'd best shut up.
What happened to desiredusername?
What fake girl?
bc, same here.
It prevents me from downloading pictures of Jesus to hang on my walls.
luisa, ask #k5.
They'll know where to find it.
I bet shoeboy would know too.
You're astoundingly incompotent, sometimes, bc.
One was zerod.
By Delirium.
This is actually quite easy!
Why does bc want porn?
Sounds painful!
There's a staggering number of ugly people naked on the Internet.
Hello, RobotSlave.
Are you an alcoholic?
You seem to get drunk every day.
Yes, it is.
I drink perhaps one or two times a week and get drunk twice a month.
I quite like it!
There's a girl where I work who is quite the star wars fan.
She's not in my department, but I try to find a few minutes a day to mock her.
They actually rate star wars fans?
If you type this girl's name into google, you will be presented with pages of star wars related links.
That must sting.
Is he working his way up to #1?
I imagine that once he attains his goal, he'll realize the futility and emptiness of it all and kill himself.
Well, I suppose everyone has to have a hobby.
Hey, I went through a few months when I thought she was cute.
No, I didn't.
Pedophilia is excellent stuff?
Yes, in fact.
I never bothered trying.
I am content to do my best in the fastfood industry.
I hope to manage the night shift some day.
I'm in high demand, too.
I could easily have my pick of Taco Bell, Mc Donald's, or Wendy's.
Most fastfood workers are just highschool kids looking for a shorttime job.
We lifers, though, are less common and more valuable.
I don't think I could ever manage a whole franchise.
Who knows, though?
Good night!
zuul, define horse web1913
Ah, the definition of a horse.
zuul, Monica was an evil bitch with tiny breasts.
Got that?
I just told you.
You do know.
Hello, perdida.
Locusts do not like cold.
The glaciers and locust will cancel each other out!
I was conceived by God and placed in the womb of a virgin.
They're dead, chloedancer.
My grandparents weren't even born when the moon landing happened.
I feel so young.
I expect to be born soon, bc.
Edward is a strange name for a small, gay asian man.
I haven't decided what my first words will be.
I'm leaning toward mama right now.
Or a terrier.
It seems clear that her father was a traitor.
Treason runs in the blood, bc.
I would watch chloe closely.
I am just a fetus.
She can try, but I'll fight back!
I managed to obtain a small blade.
When the doctors come, I'll be ready to make my last and first stand.
Animals have charisma?
I don't.
I hug kitties, but kitties are hardly animals.
Don't mock my flippers.
I'm a children's book?
Well, American children's books are full of very simpleminded, onedimensional characters engaged in numbingly dull activities.
Jane sees Spot run.
Run, Spot, run.
No, I would prefer to be in Snow Crash.
I'll be Alyosha, then, from Brother's Karamazov.
That fits me perfectly.
I've actually never read it, luisa.
I'm suspicious of talking animals.
Amazon says there are 12!
That's too many for a proper series.
The books appear to average more than 350 pages.
That's some 4500 pages of talking animals.
Obscene.
He's produced 4500 pages of talking animals!
Rand didn't even come close to that, despite being notorious for being longwinded.
What are you talking about, zikzak?
She tried to make us think Dagby was a person.
Or whatever he name was.
Digney?
Dagnibity?
Thanks, cp.
I didn't get very far, but she seemed like a main character.
I read maybe the first tenth; it was all about dagny.
I haven't read anything else by Rand, zikzak.
Then how do you know who her main characters are?
I think you should dump him for RobotSlave, chloedancer.
bc, not this again.
Do you ever tire of these long screeds about me?
You should.
What did I hoplessly react to recently?
I don't think it's a secret.
We don't talk about it much, but everyone knows.
Speak of the devil.
Right.
Just keep waiting, bc.
Any day now.
You were fired already?
Work for Disney, luisa.
Please take this to #sexchat.
Thanks.
Could be, seventypercent.
That's right.
bc has been having so muxh sex that he is unable to IRC.
I don't wish to learn anything, chloedancer, but I am not afraid.
I told you Jin would be easier, bc.
I'm going to Germany in August.
osm has enlisted me to help him capture a German girl.
Actually, bc, I hope to never meet you!
Sorry!
Cock tease?
I certainly never teased your poultry.
Didn't even know you had any.
Sorry, zikzak 
Why would I do that?
I don't want to go to the UK.
I want to go to Germany and help osm kidnap a German hottie.
I'm not sure if that's the hottie we're nabbing or not.
This job is going to make me rich.
You like girls who look willing to service bc in an alley?
The general second person pronoun is not you.
In fact, there isn't one.
Is Christine Keeler even alive?
She'd have to be ancient.
I don't like the vistors like sonzai so much.
Good things come to those who wait.
I had an ingenious idea, RobotSlave.
Well, I've been reading archives of Dan Savage's column  he's a sex columnist, very amusing.
My idea is simply to write a letter either to him or someone else  I haven't decided yet  and describe my problem, describing someone else in the situation in such a way that it is unmistakably a K5 community member, or such.
I would then sign it as qpt.
It could be quite amusing.
Well, here's one I considered.
HOLA AMIGOS
And suck hookers, elby?
He gets suspicious that he gave me editorial powers when drunk and that I'm now deleting things at whim.
Admit it, elby, it's your greatest fear.
alright!
yo, hey.
wazzup!
No, he explained this to me.
Alcoholics have a debilitating disease; he has a hobby.
I think the US should conquer the rest of this hemisphere and solve this USian nonsense once and for all.
I was thinking that we would conquer the western hemisphere and call ourselves Americans.
Lower middle class.
bc is better than most anyone.
What title is that?
Help me out.
Duke and Duchess, Count and Countess, Earl and .
Thanks.
That's nonsense, though.
It should be Earless.
Anyone who doesn't blindly attack Buchanan is an idiot.
I haven't had a drop in hours.
I'm starting to feel ill.
Possibly.
How many do you smoke a day?
Throat cancer?
No, women smokers often get manly gravelly undertones too.
There's Ebonics.
I don't drawl.
I mumble, look at my feet, and rock back and forth.
barely
What for?
That hardly seems fair.
How did they find out?
He's become quite unbearable.
I'll be talking away, most friendlylike, and he'll start ranting about how I ought to kill myself.
Oh well, don't let it get to you.
Beware lest by fighting with monsters you become one, and all that.
Did you see my comments in the article about the girl kissing the trophy that looked like a penis?
Bitching about kissing the penistrophy?
Oh, really?
I have a PhD in Applied Literary Studies from Harvard.
I also have a PhD in Feminist Logical Theory from UC Berkley.
Right.
I don't have enough time and energy to write everything I need and want to.
I should have plenty of time, since I am either ugly and fat or a social retard
I don't stare at children in playgrounds!
I've also produced a good 10K words in the past week.
They're very good words.
Not the sort of drivel that you just find lying about anywhere.
You can talk, too.
You can't be arsed to write anything.
Well, good for you.
Finally get tired of jerking off to Keslin?
How many novels have you written?
Which is?
Are you J.
Rowling?
I don't write fiction.
Ignoring the write what you know bit?
Unless you tell me your name, I'm not going to believe any of this.
Do your male characters romance your female characters by forcing them into degrading circumstances until their spirit is broken?
No, of course not.
In fact, let's just redefine good to mean not as evil as it could be.
Well, on that cheery note, I'm off to get some sleep.
Who's this?
Hello, ubu.
I am nice, and rumor should reflect that.
zuul, Ubu is good people.
zuul, Ubu?
Even right now?
Hollywood has taught me that people who look like Hitler are evil.
I haven't seen a single Bollywood film, and now I feel that's probably a good thing.
I can't abide any hint of sexuality in my films.
zuul, Jin Wicked?
zuul, Jin Wicked is a sexy bitch.
I'm proud of that, Ubu.
zuul, communista is a cum slut.
So specific!
zuul, qpt?
I am so happy to be a virgin with an IQ of 89.
zuul, Jin Wicked is also She is a dirty slut who deserves to be beaten with bc's ash stick.
zuul, Jin Wicked?
zuul, Jin Wicked is also She \is a dirty slut who deserves to be beaten with bc's ash stick.
Idiot!
You're dumber than I am!
zuul, Jin Wicked is also She \is a dirty slut who deserves to be beaten with bc\'s ash stick.
I'll be a teenager soon.
In about 13 years.
The resection to Adequacy joke really isn't funny anymore.
At all.
You're right, it would be.
Shoeboy tried to violently seize my firm young buttocks.
I evaded his lecherous grasp, fortunately.
What do you have your PhD in?
I have a PhD in Applied Feminist Literary Analysis Theory.
qpt has a nice sound to it.
There's no money to be made apply feminist literary analysis theory either, unfortunately.
Why wouldn't he just use it on himself?
Invent a time machine, then travel back in time and patent everything before it is invented.
What about the cute, female hackers?
Don't expect to see any.
No hackers are cute and female.
Your house has a name?
I don't know much about such things, so living in a named house on an estate sounds very oldworld.
iat, please stop attacking bc.
We're all aware of your jealousy and your continued invectives only shame yourself.
It's pretty apparent.
He is jealous of your good looks, cleverness, and success with women.
True, but it's iat who is jealous of you.
You don't have to be much to make iat feel inadequate.
The Lord likely appreciates that you're pleased with so little.
iat doesn't sound upper class.
America has much less of a class structure, thankfully.
My attempts to hide my humble roots are not utterly futile.
I've always wanted to take an ettiquette and speaking course, but never had the time.
You've become a monster.
zuul, zikzak?
zuul, zikzak is also a cool cat.
zuul, Jin Wicked?
zuul, Jin Wicked is also Jin likes to eat cum.
zuul, Jin Wicked?
It really could connect the phrases better.
bc is a bit of a poof.
I love that one.
black albinos?
eww and eww.
Sexuality was a bad idea to begin with.
That's why I'm dropping it from Humanity version 2.
jcg, that feature is slated for version 3.
Not cloning, bc.
It will be spliced by robots.
Drawn for a vast gene pool.
bc, you like talking to guys, though.
luisa, you do not have a guy's brain.
Can we please not talk about breasts?
I find them offensive.
The idea of feeling breasts is downright repulsive.
luisa 
I would rather lose my hand than touch a girl's nipple.
I don't know, zikzak, but I hate it.
Why can't you freaks stop talking about sex?
I'm fed up with it.
Next person to say something sexual gets a kickban.
He's lucky I don't know what those symbols mean, I suspect.
Maybe.
It doesn't look like perl, and I'm not familiar with teledildonics, though.
What is it?
I see.
Teledildonics is sexual you freaks!
Harmless?
A pornography addiction causes one to objectify women, leading to rape and domestic abuse.
Is it?
I just got home.
I wasn't walking back from a bar.
I haven't drunk any alcohol in weeks!
You bitter, bitter people.
All you can do to help ease your own pain is lash out at others.
No, but lashing out angrily doesn't really ease your own pain.
Oh, really?
Sleep tight!
I think I'll go to bed soon too, feeling happy and welladjusted, like always.
Would it be more effective if the insults were grounded at least somewhat in reality?
Well, I don't dress very fashionably.
Also, I tend to be absentminded, forgetting names, dates and such.
Maybe you can work with that?
But it seems like you're often down at the bar.
Is the bar in your house?
clickable link, please.
Now we'll have a clone of him!
He's a powermad scientist.
He wishes to have sex with younger versions of himself.
It's not pressed up against the other houses.
Pretty pathetic when the only person you have to abuse when drunk is some journalist you've never met, eh?
Oh, please excuse my mistakes.
bc, I'm a flaming idiot.
He also says that, words are metaphors for other things.
That's a good point, RobotSlave.
bc, it's a pity you're still banned.
hmm, no it doesn't look like he is banned anymore.
You can stroke RobotSlave's and my metaphorical cocks, bc.
That's strange.
K5 works great for me.
bizarre!
Apparently, two K5 users broke up with each other and posted backtoback diaries about it!
I didn't do it.
Well, didn't the diaries make you wonder?
The McDonald's theme park?
It's incredibly meanspirited.
I can't believe how cruel I am sometimes.
What did he or she say?
Is she ugly?
OK then!
If you have sex with her within six hours, I will buy you a beer.
Well, things should stay interesting for at least a bit, then.
It sounds wonderful.
I'm surprised that she finds little gay asian men appealing, though.
No offense.
How would I know any of that?
I just feel that you are.
I am Heidi Wall.
Of course, if you insist on interpreting am from a naively literalist perspective, no, I am not Heidi Wall.
I've been thinking about writing an article about skepticism.
I will write a fine article about skepticism about empirical knowledge.
I will work very closely from Hume, so I cannot be accused of just being some crackpot.
I will be proskeptical, of course.
I will conclude that we can have no knowledge about the empirical world!
The empiricists will hate me and vote me down.
I will cry.
It's so hot in here!
They should've all died as soon as they started to stop being attractive.
But she had started to stop being attractive.
ft is a function defining a woman's attractiveness.
I want them to die when `ft becomes negative.
Likely.
zuul, qpt?
How fun!
What's wrong with fertility drugs, res0?
Well, steroids are harmful.
But in principle, what's wrong with taking them?
Ubu doesn't like my diary.
Plato encouraged faggotry.
He also encouraged nudity, except for the ugly
zuul, zuul?
zuul, jeffr?
zuul, jeffr is a twinkie.
a lurker.
zuul, jeffr?
zuul, jeffr?
Good bot!
zuul, qpt?
zuul, qpt?
zuul, seventypercent?
Right on!
zuul, seventypercent == COMMUNISM.
He's a great bot.
How was the bar, RobotSlave?
Excellent!
Have you earned your beer?
Not quite what i meant.
Who is Pam?
Is she short, thick, with curly hair and a raspy voice?
About 47?
Not a cleft palate.
I just have an image of what female bartenders should be like.
I do too.
What's that?
What does the phrase mean?
I don't see many films.
I don't like the risk of seeing a naked woman.
Night!
Are you a bc fanboy?
It had a lot of words, too.
What's wrong with tumeric?
Yes, I saw that.
At this rate, he'll become untrusted.
Did you see my diary?
Ubu didn't seem amused.
You must be pretty damn dense not to have noticed by this point that we don't have lives.
That's one of the membership conditions for the secret Scotthater club.
What exactly is your question?
Might the trusted users not abuse that ability, bc?
bc, I was thinking of writing a story.
On skepticism about scientific knowledge.
I would work from Hume.
You have the idea, bc.
Any reasoning that past events will resemble future events amounts to nothing more than questionbegging.
It will get voted down, of course.
People only voted your piece up because they're closet rapists.
I've heard about people winning the lottery, but that doesn't really count as an empirical observation.
It will only get worse when the glaciers come.
I'm sure you're all familier with the severe sunburn that can be caused by sunlight reflecting off of snow and ice.
zuul, bc?
So you did!
I tire of counterexamples.
Someone produces some silly counterexample to anything!
I wonder if tigmoid was surprised at the response his story received.
bc, just the other day you were accusing me of being callously inhuman
I don't have any victims!
bc, Jin still watns me /
You seem eager to throw such terms around, Sylvain.
Are you qualified to make such a diagnosis?
bc, I am the nice guy!
bc, not so.
What if she's selling it to be implanted in someone else?
Or selling it for food?
Well, you're working with an absurdly broad definition of whore.
I think you misunderstood, luisa.
What if she's selling to so that others may eat it, is what I meant.
By your logic, ranchers are pimps.
What if she has a job posing for art students?
Is she a whore?
bc, you're being stupid.
Your use of the word whore is decidedly idiosyncratic and nonstandard.
luisa, whoring is primarily sexrelated.
However, a whore can be anyone who compromises principles for money.
Someone who neither comprimises there principles nor sells sex is not a whore.
Not so.
I don't doubt that some perverts are aroused by them, but that doesn't make them sex related.
I'm tired of arguing about this.
You're clearly just hateful and prejudiced.
How can I not assume that?
Everything you say about Jin is said in such a spirit.
Oh shut up.
zuul, zuul?
zuul, qpt?
Which Indiana Jones?
It does to me.
Actually, I have a better idea.
Dress up in a black cape and mask, and wander the streets of seattle.
Limping.
You need an oboe.
Do you play the oboe?
You need to go find the house of your not so secret admirer, stoop outside her window, and play creepy oboe music.
Will it be dark?
Oh yes, dusk is horridly morbid.
Much better than blackest night.
Let me guess, you've never done this?
You seem like it, but let's just move on.
You must sleep into her sleeping chamber and hypnotize her while she sleeps.
Yes, creep.
Sharp!
This will be easier if she has french windows that she keeps slightly open at night.
Unfortunately, contemporary women don't do this so much.
I forget, what are you trying to accomplish?
Are you stealing her soul, blood, or virginity?
Maybe the package deal?
Excellent.
Not to disparage the object of your obsession, but I suspect her virginity is long gone.
Also, blood just isn't as safe as it used to be.
I think the soul resides in the pineal gland?
Or were you going to steal it figuratively?
In case you change your mind, saw the top of the skull of at about the brow line, without cutting the brain.
Carefully remove the brain from the top, using both hands.
Have your assistant cut it free underneath.
Now, remove the membrane over the top.
Spread the hemispheres with your hands, and you're looking at the pineal gland.
Can't miss it.
No, I never watched xfiles.
Although, did you know that many gks considered the woman on that show sexy?
Well, compelling and sexy are two different things.
I think Anthony Hopkins is compelling, but not sexy.
I see.
Well, everyone has their own tastes.
Personally, I don't think anything is sexy.
Right.
I'm a protestant, though, so it works well.
I'm not supposed to find anything sexy, and I don't.
Between the two of us, though, most protestants feel otherwise.
You don't get much use, though.
How does that make you feel?
Poor robot.
Personally, I would rather be penetrated by machine than flesh.
If I had to pick one or the other.
No, silly robot.
There's a nice, sexy nurse who is in need of your services.
Are you suffering from performance anxiety?
It's perfectly understandable that an unused robot's selfesteem would suffer.
Do you long for a heart?
What room for longing is there in cold gears and buzzing circuitry?
What sign could be more sure that you already possess what you desire?
However, you may need a sweet nurse to teach you how to use it.
Good night!
Poor bc.
Oh, he was swearing at an empty, silent channel a while back.
If it deserves to be put in bold, it deserves to be done.
Why not tell us what the decision is?
Good man!
Take control of your destiny!
What's just it?
No, he's getting married!
I'm correct!
Selling yourself for 16 years?
Good idea, bc.
You wouldn't want any of our immense intelligence or reason interfering with your choice.
bc, if you're building a castle, you'll.
uh, well.
need a dungeon master.
I'm just saying.
I hate sex, tiny_pea, with a burning passion.
Rape is a terrible crime.
How does finishing their tunnel foil it?
You should've mentioned all that to begin with.
Goddamn, premodern folk were barbaric.
Don't tell zikzak.
He can't be trusted.
karjala, you're right, of course.
It really does stand for Communist Party.
K5 is full of pathetic people.
Morbid curiosity?
I like pathetic people.
Really?
How could I have been mistaken about that?
I must be pathetic!
Well, that's quite a task.
Excellent plan, bc!
em likes me so much he had to go.
No, you're too kind.
There's plenty of evidence that he and everyone else dislikes me.
I don't want to be universally hated.
I wish you people would make up your mind.
bc, Ratt?
Poison, Kix?
I read a few chapters in Dune.
It was too boring.
You should post it to K5.
It'll be fun.
I'll post a term paper if you do.
What's wrong with term papers?
bc, then posting them to K5 seems appropriate.
Anyway, the main difference between a term paper and an article in a journal is the number of references, as far as I can tell.
perdida, because it's just the sort of thing K5 likes.
res0, does aq allow that?
There should be a copyright and distribution agreement somewhere.
Blame Adequacy
If you don't link, you will be accused of plagiarism.
I have a paper about communism I wrote in the seventh grade.
Don't succumb to peer pressure, res0.
If you like K5, you don't have to pretend that you think it sucks just because that's our opinion.
Well, I like K5.
I'm thinking of making another account.
Who is Koleen?
Shut up.
Breasts are fatty.
I'm glad perdida has no breasts.
You didn't say she was scary.
I don't like lifesize scary women on my computer.
bc, I'm afraid of women.
I've never been able to say more than a word or two to any woman.
It's fake fur, you goober.
I thought bc was turning into a boy?
elby, like who?
The onion?
elby, link?
Well, adequacy sucks too, so don't feel too secure.
Ubu, stop being horny.
Who's that?
Baseball is terribly boring.
Ubu, you should get a girlfriend, so you are assured a steady supply of sex.
I know a nice girl that I could introduce you to.
Her name is Koleen.
She's a mayor!
Likely; I don't know.
The thought of limegreen panties makes me slightly ill.
More and more, the thought of anything femalerelated at all makes me ill.
I don't kno!
Curious how it's working out.
I likely hate them because I'm afraid of them.
Just like I hate tigers and spiders.
I would also hate a drugged, caged woman.
I know that, but fear is not rational bc.
Neither is hate.
I know a fair bit about tigers.
What do I need to learn?
As a Protestant, I have no interest in renaissance!
Ubu, that's horrible.
I hate vaginas.
To learn tigers have vaginas only inflames my fear.
I'm going now.
Hopefully I will not encounter any women.
Personally, I don't think his defence has a leg to stand on.
elby, as your lawyer, I have to advise you not to answer that question.
So the inmate doesn't get an infection, zikzak.
What's wrong with it?
John C.
Of course, tiny pea was my creation.
Hello, RobotSlave.
I had to leave after kickbanning tiny_pea; I didn't want to wait for the backlash.
I don't understand where we went wrong.
Didn't they used to be submissive and demure?
That's just a myth?
bc talks as though his women are submissive.
Unfortunately, no.
The poor guy is so desperate that he scratched his glasses screwing a tarp.
How do you screw a tarp?
Anyone home?
Hello, bc.
Hello.
Are the Moriarty from Holmes, or some other one?
I always found those stories somewhat disturbing.
Watson ejaculates constantly.
He'll be talking to Holmes, and right in the middle of the conversation, he'll ejaculate.
A few lines later he'll do it again.
There's nothing wrong with talk; goodness knows plenty goes on around here.
But ejaculating while having a conversation with someone is just rude.
Is that what it's for, perdida?
If all the stations would play commercials at exactly the same time, there would be no problem.
That site isn't nearly as gross as I would expect.
I'm told that there's plenty of porn on the Internet, Ubu.
I'm sure that's right.
I probably shouldn't say this, but a while ago, bc was boasting about his collection of erotic photographs.
You were.
Something to do with a Viking.
I don't remember.
I don't recall who it was, but I remember that you were quite pleased with the photographs.
bc, you can't?
Why's that?
Ubu seems to be in need.
bc, I heard an interesting proposition the other day.
In return for the British giving up their absurd spelling of publicise, realise, et al.
we Americans would give up our stupid rules regarding the punctiation of clauses that end with a quoted phrase.
RobotSlave, she's black.
Quite black.
I could've told you that ages ago, RobotSlave, had you bothered to ask.
Ubu, no.
However, she could never be confused for anything except black.
RobotSlave, I have.
I saw her first.
That's an excellent way to put it, Ubu.
I thank the gods that I was born white!
A feud that you cannot hope to win, given your inferior blood.
bc, hush.
You'll offend ana.
Resport to nepotism?
That's usually where I start.
Resort.
elby_, just use the formula to figure out how much you should work.
Divide what you are making by what you should be making and multiply by 8 hours.
This is how many hours of real work you owe your employer each day.
What's wrong with drinking out of bottles?
Who is Joe Stalin?
What's a sweet bean pancake?
This recipe doesn't make any sense.
200 yards is almost a mile.
I would imagine.
I don't quite see why a godless heathen like seventypercent should have the last say on cannonization.
zuul, seventypercent?
I hardly think we can trust COMMUNISM.
One, clearly.
Communism would require everyone with two boobs to give one to everyone with none.
I hate communism and breasts.
I thought you hated communism too?
I hate breasts because I have never touched one, and that makes me angry.
Let me clarify that statement.
I have no memory of ever touching a breast.
seventypercent, what the hell?
I'll say!
I don't even have a Protestant girlfriend.
It was all a fabrication.
How does one go about touching a breast without being arrested?
OK, I just pretended to trip.
No breast.
Well, please give more detailed instructions.
I'm a novice, remember.
Asking who?
Just everyone?
This is legal?
I imagine it would cause a great many people to think I am a freak.
I think I will wear my I am a freak.
tshirt.
That way, if the woman accuses me of being a freak, I can point at my tshirt and reply, Yes, I know that.
How many will I have to ask, on average, before getting a Yes?
My moustache?
I've not one, nor have I ever spoken of having one.
I'm cleanshaven.
Specifically, my face is in the condition that it would be after shaving if I had to shave.
No, I don't have to shave.
I don't have any facial hair.
However, given that I am female, one has to wonder why I don't just touch my own breast.
That way, I can experience both touching a breast and having my own breast touched.
Exactly.
There is undoubtedly an excellent reason why I don't just do this, however, we're out of time.
Or any Internet user?
It's probably me, then.
These bums are scary.
RobotSlave, have you ever been in south downtown Seattle at about 3am?
Around there, yeah.
The area just north of the train station, particularly.
There are so many black people, it's unreal.
I cannot imagine where they all come from.
I don't like it.
I prefer the bright, friendly day with all the bright, friendly white folk!
Again?
Yes, I seem to recall you biting rather hard on one of his personalities.
Who was it?
That's right.
That was funny.
Fake mexican is better than real mexican.
Personally, I think Mexicans should be thankful that we were kind enough to continue calling it Mexican after improving it so.
And stay out.
The same debate comes up regarding Chinese food.
No, about its realness.
Apparently, the delicious food found in thousands of Chinese restaurants all over the country isn't real.
If this is illusion, then I'll stay through the looking glass, thank you!
For some reason, the purists seem to think that I actually want to eat what Chinese people in China eat.
Some fake chinese food sounds good.
I think I'll have some today!
Well, here there come.
The glaciers.
You were right.
Do come back.
I think he's both smart and funny, personally.
I'm not sure how smart or funny he thinks he is.
I have ocd.
It's no laughing matter.
I obsessively purchase liquor, then I compulsively drink it.
Also, I check whether I've locked my cat in the cupboard every fifteen minutes.
I don't even live with a cat.
Yet every so often, I just have to make sure that my cat isn't in the cupboard.
Lambda calculus will do that.
We are well, thank you.
You are in bc's netblock.
Are you bc?
Someone in your netblock.
What do you mean by 'BC'?
Your IRC name is BC.
What do you mean by that?
You're our bc.
We love you, bc!
Of course not.
bc, can I confide in you?
Who is imrdkl?
Anyway, bc, I have to confess that the girlfriend was a fabrication.
I'm sorry for lying.
I'm too ugly and antisocial to actually attract a real female.
Can you forgive me?
I just didn't want to seem like a total loser.
bc, I am a total loser!
I have no friends, lover, or anything else!
There's nothing pointless about drinking alone or with others.
What's the difference, zikzak?
I see.
Information itself doesn't attempt to change anything, because information is always truth, be it incomplete, because true information is always information, even when one can't prove it.
I wish I could write like that.
hush, perdida.
Truth is important.
fuck truth  perdida the journalist
Doubtless, perdida, but if you're going to fuck truth, you can hardly criticize the media establishment for making stuff up and lying.
So they should be equal opportunity liars?
And agenda?
According the perdida, that's unacceptable.
The role of a journalist is apparently to spin idle fictions for no particular reason.
I don't think the distinction you're drawing is really there.
The journalist should fuck truth while reporting facts.
So your real criticism, perdida, is that the particular facts being reported by many media outlets do not serve your own political aims?
I can have no sympathy for someone who complains that they aren't given sufficient opportunity to lie in support of their own pet cause.
zikzak, that would make sense, if its largely driven by ratings and such.
No one is trolling anyone, perdida.
I'm just trying to understand your somewhat confusing view on media bias.
I don't think it is bad.
I don't see why things are improved by having many biases.
Instead we want many amateur, grassroots propaganda machines?
If we're doomed to be lied to, what does it matter?
There's nothing preventing you from cominging with your own truths now.
coming
If truth is subjective, what do facts have to do with it?
Why do facts even matter?
What's confusing me is that you say truth is totally subjective, yet different truths are commensurable and the standard against which they are measured is fact.
You seem to suffer from coherence troubles, yes.
I don't think most people believe that truth is totally subjective.
You, however, know better.
There should be more views represented in the media, no?
Night!
Why's your skin on fire, bc?
You're a bit young for that.
There aren't any 45 year old female professors of astrophysics at Harvard.
Is that where you are now?
Of course.
Still, you reply to quickly.
The roundtrip time from earth to moon in about 16 seconds.
You often reply in less than 16 seconds.
No sir, 8 seconds both ways.
What's the speed of light?
meters per second.
hmm, maybe you really are a harvard professor of whatever on the far side of the moon.
On the other hand, your estimate of the distance to the moon is well off.
Yet that's what came to mind.
You started using imperial measurements, not me.
I can imagine.
How do you pass the time on the long trip out?
Where are you from originally?
When growing up in the Rigel system, did you enjoy Orion and Cassiopea?
Oh, I guess that'd be right.
kitten is damning us to hell, bc.
I'm not sure.
I hadn't even said anything in a long time, and a bunch of people started talking about killing me and sending me to hell.
Quite.
They scream, and play on tires.
I wish I were a monkey.
Your soul mate need to know what your latency is.
I've never been called a gringo.
I caught leprosy from my girlfriend.
Yes, unfortunately.
I'm in the United States.
hello friends
im not bc
Shut up@!
Yes, I take that.
Yes, really.
It's worked wonders for me!
I'm Alyosha.
It's increased my mental acuity.
I'm using 25 GB.
On what!
I hate computers.
That reminds me, it's about time I complained to help@k5 about being modstormed.
Is greenrd schooling you, em?
You knoe, em, the winner is whoever walks away smiling.
You don't seem to be smiling.
stupid justin
What's that?
It's ugly and makes noise 
What's it about?
Do you play with other people?
Hello, perdida!
Unban me, please?
Hello, mr.
Eh, what sort of work?
I'll do almost anything for money.
Come on, elby, I'm desperate!
If I don't come up with $10k by Friday, they'll cut my fingers off!
Getting sympathy out of an aq editor is like getting blood out of a rock.
You're devoid of any human feelings except pettiness, resentment, bitterness, jealousy .
that sort of thing.
I knew a Lonnie, once.
He knocked up some dumb trailerpark bitch and then married her.
No, that's a different Lonnie.
Lonnie did?
What's nigger knocking?
I've never done that.
I don't think I will.
As a devout protestant, I tend to behave.
I'll come make everyone coffee for $.
35/hour.
I want to purchase a Russian bride.
No, that was a fabrication.
I just wanted to feel normal.
I don't recall Natalya being hot, or whatever he name was.
Natasha
Excellent.
Maybe he wasn't getting enough of the good stuff.
So he was like the unabomber, only even lamer?
There goes the greatest man the world has ever seen.
Yes, the channel is full of idling folk.
I do not.
elby is a cool cat.
I hope to look like that soon.
RobotSlave, are you some sort of party pooper?
Age, doubtless.
You're an old drunk!
It's nothing a few nips and tucks and a bit of moisturizer wouldn't fix.
Young people wouldn't take wisdom if paid to.
My girlfriend's brother's fiance is planning on pursuing a graduate degree in women's studies.
Hello, #adequacy
I don't think much about them at all.
Well, bulls are certainly scary.
I don't know if I think cows are.
Excluding men?
Well, what exactly do you mean by animal?
And bacteria don't cound, because they're not in the animal kindom?
I'm just not sure.
Many animals are scary, but I have trouble picking one out as scariest.
I don't go near the ocean.
They're of no concern to me.
A Jabberwocky, I imagine.
I would be afraid of the jaws that bite, the claws that catch.
I would melt before its eyes of flame 
I once saw a Jabberwocky, as it came whiffling through the tulgey wood, and burbled as it came.
Hello, would anyone like to share a few masturbatory injokes with me as we congratulate each other on our own cleverness?
Of course.
Thinking about what things are is depressing.
I hate reality.
Not really.
Philosophy has nothing at all to do with reality.
In fact, philosophy has nothing to do with anything at all.
Nothing is ever discovered or established in philosophy, because there is nothing to discover or establish.
We are in the business of spinning incomprehensible answers to incoherent questions.
No, because 9/11 was an actual event, and philosophers are not much concerned with that sort of thing.
If you would just do something with your hair.
I don't even know what you look like.
I wasn't being serious.
Top 100 senior whats?
Good for you!
You must've worked very hard to become one of the top 100 seniors in Missouri.
Which one are you, anyway?
bc, socialists hate personal achievement.
I wasn't one of the top 100 anythings in the state from which I came.
perdida, I got a 1020
I enjoy K5 as much now as ever.
Which is quite a bit
In fact, I don't think it would be at all innacurate to say that I want to have K5's babies.
A K5 article would be fun.
Maybe I'll find something to plagiarize.
I'm sick of pragmatism, res0.
I'm going to pretend I don't know what you mean by idealism, since I happen to know a definition that I am almost sure you aren't familiar with and thus can't possibly be using.
I don't see why.
I just like people!
They're all interesting and worth knowing!
I think they are.
If you're determined to dislike it, though, why not just stay away?
People who dislike ice cream yet stand around in Baskin Robbins bitching and moaning are widely considered worthless fools, you know.
Well, poorly run government is more difficult to avoid than an ice cream parlor or a web site.
If one cannot abide it, one often has little choice but to change it.
Move where?
Yes, but they're all considered poorly run.
Anyway, moving to a different country entails substantially greater hardship than avoiding a web site.
In fact, I would venture to suggest that avoiding a web site doesn't entail any hardship at all.
I don't know.
I would've kicked you a while ago, were I opped.
Perhaps not, but you would've been just as kicked.
It's certainly easy, yes, but easier than what?
No, if I merely wanted to not talk to you, that's exactly what I would do.
You could put me on ignore and periodically make some random rebuttal.
No, it would be exceedingly clever and you're quite jealous that you didn't think of it.
Why is it amusing that you're calm?
No, I don't think I did.
You were acting as though you were not calm, so I acted as if you weren't.
Whether you actually were calm or not I neither knew nor cared.
Oh, I agree, they are.
I just think there's nothing wrong with that.
I could give you money.
Would a million be enough?
US dollars.
What beer does perdida drink?
hallo mr.
elby_!
I do want a pizza, elby.
I am willing, however, to exchange my company for pizza.
I know that you are desperately lonely.
I've been playing a fair amount likewise.
I played isketch when I was at work today!
It's only part time, elby_, and most of my money goes to school and drugs.
I don't have enough to sell.
I can't buy any more for almost a week, and it's going to be tight.
KuroBot, are you alive?
zuul, seen KuroBot?
zuul, seen shoeboy?
zuul, seen elby.
zuul, seen elby_.
zuul, seen elby__.
I see.
Only losers wait in line at Cinerama.
Why not write a script to do it?
So they sit and do mindnumbing work instead.
It must be the porn, bc.
The first and last time I saw bukkake, I almost puked.
Eh, no.
bc, are you going to let em order you about?
You're nobody's servingboy!
elby, 6pm still?
You said you'd buy me pizza.
The hacker story is aq's best article ever and it will never be equaled.
That's not quite 18 months.
How do I know that December 2nd wasn't 18 months ago?
What an odd question.
I mean that it isn't the sort of question that most reasonably intelligent people would ask.
Today is the ninth day of the fifth month of the 2002nd year AD.
By simple subtraction, six months and seven days have elapsed since December 2nd, 2001.
Mine, of course.
Not enough to make a difference.
No, I think I do know.
Greetings, RobotSlave_.
Hello, cp, bc, jsm.
hush, I'm under cover.
You never know.
It's just best to be safe.
My actual life is just as exciting.
Paranoia makes anything interesting.
No drugs, just start noticing all the people trying to hurt you.
Obviously not.
Or you would be leaving the house right now.
I tend to forget the nonsense you spout.
There's just so much of it.
No, I don't think you proved anything at all.
Just send them to Alyosha c/o 3307 3rd Ave.
Seattle, WA 98119
Thanks!
That's a bad idea.
His typists are nude, no?
Nude women should refrain from running as much as possible.
It gives their breasts stretch marks.
Yes, cp, but runners' buttocks are muscular and toned.
No, that's precisely why they don't get stretch marks.
If women with large, fatty buttucks ran about, the running would give them stretch marks.
I don't have a woman.
Yeah, it makes sense that you would delete all the interesting, amusing comments.
wankfest.
That reminds me, I have plans this evening.
Thanks, zikzak, but I've done this enough to figure that out.
Water based.
I don't know?
The stuff is called Astroglide.
You can buy it in various places.
cp, it works quite well enough for me, thanks.
You're cut, aren't you?
I've heard that certain uncut gentiles have no need for a lubricant.
Personally, I refuse to touch an uncircumsized penis.
Well, you can probably imagine why.
You wouldn't want somebody touching your exposed glans with a dry, rough hand.
It would hurt!
This is an adult channel.
In a sense.
Mature also, in a sense.
It's a circle jerk, zikzak.
A circle jerk.
You fucking idiot!
I'll broaden your virgin asshole if you don't shut the fuck up.
There's nothing deviant about forty men in a room, jerking each other off.
You're telling me.
bc, I have no idea.
Maybe mayonaisse?
Putting petroleum products on your penis is not usually a good idea.
No, it wouldn't.
Try lubing with methyl ethyl ketone.
I don't know what I was thinking.
It burns 
Also, don't use paint remover.
I've not tried it, but I've heard it also burns.
Very much so, sir.
Did you mean in the sensitive, decorating, fashionable sense, or in the like to fuck guys sense?
I pretended to have a girl friend in order to gain accepted from you fine people.
Then I discovered that most of you are socially inept losers.
Well, jsm seems ok.
So does iat, if a bit lowerclass.
Ok, very lowerclass.
spiralx would be socially inept but for the drugs, but he's never sober, so it's ok.
zikzak, look at the Americans.
Who is there, you, shoeboy, elby?
Yes, Jin Wicked.
He doesn't count for anything.
bc was Potato Error.
bc is every screwball on aq.
I wish Jin were here now.
Why would you say such a thing?
RobotSlave, you have gravely insulted me.
I challenge you to a SWORD FIGHT!
I hope you've lived a good life, because you're about to die.
Yes, all this phallic stuff and your ass is empty.
Unimaginably frustrating, I'm sure, zikzak.
RobotSlave, a buttplug won't bend zikzak over and call him a bitch.
It's just not the same.
They have talking buttplugs?
I suppose it was inevitable.
Everything else talks these days.
bc, want to get hitched?
I can change.
Do you know a particular Amanda?
I hate to reveal my ignorance, but what exactly is the purpose of a buttplug?
Is it simply to stick in your butt?
If that's all, how have I gone decades without one and never noticed a problem?
So it's not so much a plug in the sense of being something left in place to stop up an opening?
It's used for a bit, then taken out?
All day?
Do you enjoy it, cp?
Yes, write the article first.
If it's not done by Wednesday, I'll let bc make you his bitch.
Where, precisely, did I indicate that I gived a fuck what you preferred?
It didn't used to be like this, did it, bc?
Then it's agreed, luisa will be your bitch if she doesn't write the article in time.
I care not what you do with her, but if she dies, I'd like to buy the body back to feed to my hounds.
I would expect a steep discount, of course.
No, bc, but I like my hounds to be used to the taste of stringy bitchflesh.
bc, it looks like you're going to have some educating to do.
Well said.
You have the idea, luisa, it's all about have to.
Bitches didn't used to haggle about their terms of service.
God damn feminism.
No, but feminism has perverted your natural character.
As a woman, you should subservient and compliant.
I would suggest that you underfeed her, overwork her, and keep in a cold, dark, hard room until she settles down a bit.
Did bc go?
He did.
They shouldn't play in it.
I had no idea it was so dangerous, though.
Do you care?
If those poor children only had buttplugs, they would be OK.
Sometimes, other people also talk.
What people?
I'm a student.
Right now, I'm looking for excuses to not edit a paper I'm supposed to.
zuul, Alyosha?
zuul, cp?
zuul, validate me.
zuul, validate me is <reply>$who, you are a unique and beautiful snowflake.
zuul, validate me.
zuul, validate me?
zuul, validate me is <reply>$who, you are a unique and beautiful snowflake.
zuul, validate me.
zuul, validate is <reply>$who, you are a unique and beautiful snowflake.
zuul, validate
I can't even get validation from an IRC bot.
zuul, validate
Thank you!
zuul, perdida?
zuul, seventypercent?
Can you blow bubbles with it?
If you can't blow bubbles with it, it's not bubble gum.
My cat likes to eat spiders.
She loves spiders.
She gently takes it in her mouth, makes a face, and spits it out.
She repeats this until the spider dies, at which point she eats it.
You don't murder spiders, perdida?
I can't stand spiders.
I'm trying to figure out a way to expose the entire planet to enough radiation to kill them all.
Where I grew up had lots of black widows.
There were tons in everyone's shed and garage.
Beautiful?
I think they look malevolent.
I vote for whoever promises to put a turkey in my pot.
Sweet beer is great.
I often mix extra sugar into my beer.
Yes, it's great!
bah, you've not even tried it.
RobotSlave, I am.
I always am.
Fullers is great  with a tablespoon or two of sugar.
RobotSlave, I was never bc.
God damn it, I was never bc!
He also is sometimes mistaken for an actual human being
Hello, zikzak.
How are you?
I am supposed to be reading what Thomas Reid thought about.
something.
I forget.
Well, he thought hundreds of pages about it.
Star Wars?
You doubt the authenticity?
Maybe it a German arthouse film.
That's my opinion, cp.
I will see it in the theater, doubtless, but not for weeks or months.
At least you'll see large special effects and hear loud sound for a while.
And you'll see an image of Miss Portman's breasts that is taller than you are.
Or you would if she had any.
That's why I hate film nudity.
I don't want to see breasts that are large enough to kill me if I became trapped beneath them.
I've never been to a strip club.
I don't know if I even know where one is.
Do they have signs out front?
Then how do you find them?
Anyway, I can't go to a strip club.
I have no one to go with.
Also, I imagine that they're expensive, like all the vices.
I am quite poor.
So, let me see if I'm clear on the concept.
But they're ugly, no doubt.
I've heard sexworkers are ugly.
At least by normal standards.
Badly bleached hair; an excess of cheap makeup smeared on a tired, and sagging face; a flabby, middleage body augmented by cheap, shoddilydone surgery; and all dressed up in garish costume.
That's what I've been told a stripper is.
My conception is inaccurate?
Are there actual any gentlemen present?
I understood that only the lower classes frequented such establishments.
I don't like to place so much emphasis on money.
The lower class thinks life has meaning because they've not been taught any better; the middle class knows that life is empty except for acquisition, because so they were taught; the upper class knows that there is still truth and beauty to be had in abundance, but they aren't sharing.
Attack of the clones
Not much.
Her twin is way hotter, though.
I wasn't bemoaning it; you were.
There's no need to be pissy just because you're the ugly twin.
Somebody had to be the ugly tiwn.
Personally, I wouldn't do either of you.
Both of you at once, though.
Yeah, that's a real shame, zikzak.
At your age, too.
When did you last get some?
In zikzak's case, it was the bile in his blood that ate away is hair.
Do you have any special powers?
Can you spray acid, or shatter bricks with your tongue?
I have special powers.
When afraid, my eyes and mouth excrete fluid and I slide to safety.
Lying is a power, but not one that I happen to have.
I don't think I could participate it bukakke.
Performance anxiety, and all.
Yes, that's also what I meant.
No, zikzak, I definitely wouldn't be on that end.
However, I would be afraid that it would just sort of dribble out on to my shoe, instead of squirting onto perdida's face.
I mean the girl's face.
I'm not a gk.
I can't do calculus or write C.
Well, I can write C an arbitrary number of times.
Hardly.
I'm always clean.
perdida cannot reconcile the idea of someone being utterly perverted yet clean and wellkept.
I'm not perverted, though.
I just pretend to be.
Just like zikzak pretends to be a loser artfag.
No, you're a successful professional with a exciting, promising career and several attractive girlfriends.
haha, zikzak doesn't live with his parents.
I'm surprised that the lot of you have been unable to see through his facade.
If so, zikzak, there is a good reason.
Perhaps your mother just had a stroke and your father a heart attack, and you've deigned to take time off from work to care for them?
Kill Yr Idols indeed.
perdida and I are quite alike.
May I download it, please?
I am a Star Wars fanatic.
I don't have usenet access.
A pay service?
You must be a porn fiend.
I hope to never visit the south.
Why do we have so many southern presidents?
An arctic wasteland?
I start becoming acutely uncomfortable once the temperature rises about 75 degrees F.
above about
You just need better shoes.
I like shoes.
I wouldn't want to live in a state with a bunch of rednecks swilling bad beer in their trashfilled, overgrown lawns.
Doubtless, but it's a highly accurate stereotype.
Everyone is pregnant, has a tattoo or both.
Wifebeaters and dingy old caps are the clothing of choice.
Everyone has multiple automobiles, but most are broken.
I Hate The South!
Nobody looks good in the South, though, so it doesn't matter.
I've heard and seen plenty on the television.
Also, I know people who ventured into the south.
You sound like someone who's defending hell by claiming that some parts aren't as hot as others.
Yes, no doubt some things about the south suck less than other things.
That doesn't change the fact that the entire area is the assend of north america.
cept for Mexico, which is the other assend.
Although, Mexico is in the south.
I don't want friendly people.
I want people who fuck off and mind their own business.
I want the waitress to bring me my fucking coffee and the disappear.
I see that as a good thing.
That's another reason I dislike the south.
Being black, I'm not especially fond of places with blatent, overt racism.
And no, that's white.
Isn't that a bid overdone in usenet, though?
And get away with it.
How to kill yourself and get away with it might be fun in an absurdist way.
It looks like it.
Do you dislike russian authors, or just tolstoy?
RobotSlave, I agree.
I also really enjoy reading the more modern fellow whose name I cannot spell.
His name is Alexander S
Then I get lost after the S
And no, I never remember the plot of anything, unless I read it four or five times.
I have the worst memory for literature of anyone alive.
I can remember the plot of Stone Soup, but I must've read that about thirty times.
I remember that I really enjoyed reading it, but damned if I can remember anything whatsoever about it.
My one book on the desert island would have to be Snowcrash, though.
There are many people I would like to meet, but wouldn't know what to say to if I did.
My Russian isn't very good.
I took Spanish in high school.
It's shameful how little I still know.
RobotSlave, there are millions.
Unless you stipulate that you can't live in the USSR to visit it.
RobotSlave, you taught me not to say okay.
You made a comment on Adequacy correcting The Observer.
No, but it was your comment that really stuck.
I very much look up to many Adequacy readers and editors.
No, I don't like to despise people.
I like to think that they have very good reasons to do and say what they do, but I am just not familiar with those reasons.
cp is one of those stubborn, unrepentent types who see the true path for what it is, yet refuse to walk upon it.
That's why I like perl P
And for a few other reasons like that.
I'll insert some whitespace into you, if you catch my meaning.
I don't ever want to forget Perl.
I feel sad.
I should just go to sleep and wake up feeling better.
Why not?
You are a menial laborer.
Anyway, menial describes not so much the labor as the attitude of he doing the laboring.
Anything is meaningful if done well.
Except maybe ditch digging.
Or fast food.
Stuff like that.
See, servile is an attitude.
If you program for its own sake and happen to be paid, you are not doing menial labor.
I suppose someone could dig ditches for its own sake, but I can't imagine anyone would.
I suppose that's true.
If so, there shouldn't be any stigma attatched to the word.
It would doubtless be enjoyable to have been born to a wealthy family and been granted a large inherittence, but the fact that I must work to live does not reflect badly on my character.
Yes, if I work hard enough, I won't have to work.
But then what?
Wouldn't it be better to work at something that I found meaningful enough to do for its own sake?
cp, exactly.
That's why I am dropping out.
I'm quitting the game!
I plan to become an academic.
I will enrich no one!
Least of all my students.
I'm dropping out of capitalism.
I'm not dropping out of everything.
RobotSlave, I have no idea.
I don't even care at this point.
For now, I just need to get into a good graduate program.
The rest will come later.
I plan to be the TA that all the undergraduates loathe.
And because I am the most terrible grader they have ever encountered.
I will forget what it means to be forgiving or charitable.
RobotSlave, I want to be able to give every C or worse, though.
The curve idea does have merit, though.
I will foster extreme competitiveness in the Freshmen introductory course!
Yes, but if I grade on a curve, some people have to get an A.
Or not.
Not nearly enough Fs are given out.
I have seen very few Fs.
There are people in every program who should have flunked out ages ago.
Tomorrow, I will query our database to see how many Fs have been given out.
I fear it will not be many.
Yes, but Harvard is supposed to be filled with exceptionally bright people.
The average grade here is a B/C, I believe.
I remember querying for it.
Rich parents?
Famous surnames?
Why were you at Harvard?
Well, I would expect that academic underacheivers would be overrepresented at bars and parties.
I wonder what a venn diagram of partygoers, academic achievers and socially adept folk would look like.
Well, venn diagram isn't quite what I had in mind.
You know what I mean.
Might as well throw happiness in there.
Did you ever read suck.
They used to have these wonderful diagrams.
It was just a cartesian plot with two unrelated adjectives on each axis, and various objects plotted on the graph.
The one I recall was shiny vs.
useful.
Stainless steele dildo was in the upper right hand corner.
What was the punchline going to be?
Actually, he'd be heartbroken.
I can't imagine that the movie has any spoilers.
Does anything unexpected happen?
The Star Wars gk at work has been carrying on about Ninja Yoda for months.
Out of 5, what do you give the movie?
What about Phantom Menace?
Star Wars?
Laughable is sometimes good.
cp, you ruined the movie for other people?
I've never seen why stuckup, humorless types feel the need to invade the domain of common folk and ruin their fun.
I don't know who either of those people are.
I've seen ten minutes of it likewise.
That's why I prefer more private thanksgiving dinners.
That's why I sequester myself away in an impenatrable tower when I'm not eating thanksgiving dinner.
What are you giggling at?
This is pathetic, luisa|.
She's not making any sense.
If I'm just a faceless stranger, what does it matter what I say?
kitten, on the other hand, can't be serious.
I'm pretty sure.
He can't honestly mean what he says to me.
luisa|, I need to stop 
Did we shut him up, luisa|?
harb is much less obnoxious.
seventypercent, am I too cruel to communista?
zuul, communista?
bc would back me up.
But he isn't here.
I know!
It's very inconsiderate.
Same here.
KuroBot, are you operational?
Frustrating.
justin always ruins the fun.
It's called hypocrisy, dear.
Hello.
ana, she's a bitch.
Apparently she acted really screwy/bitchy with some guy.
Beyond that, I know nothing.
One could ask her, I suppose.
How does one contact her?
Excellent.
I will ICQ straightaway.
RobotSlave, I thought you were desperately poor.
What about retirement?
Strangers have good candy.
helllo
hello, even
I would like to see more naked women in Hollywood films.
Many naked women?
That sounds wonderful, bc, but I've heard that French women are hairy.
I don't like armpit hair on women.
Arm hair is fine, as is pubic hair.
You shave your face, nut.
I've seen pictures of you.
You're cleanshaven.
I'm that dashing.
I thought they looked familiar.
I was a bit drunk when they were taken, so I couldn't be sure.
I won't tell lp, ok?
I have been thinking a lot about marriage, bc.
I don't quite follow?
Why's that?
But I don't.
I want a meaningful relationship.
I don't care about sex.
No, I don't care about money, either.
Why won't this work?
What I want is a meaningful relationship with a girl I love, and I don't think that can be bought.
I disagree.
You're still living in your mistrustful, deceptive world.
I have transcended.
I have touched the sky, and fallen back to earth a changed man!
I don't feel like I'm in hell.
I don't see the appeal of waiting 15 years to marry an 19 year old stripper.
I can't imagine why I would do that.
Iniquitous.
that word, I do not think it means what you think it does.
What do you know of Heaven and Hell?
I don't think you have.
What is Hell, then?
Could you be any more vague?
If you never close off any possibility, you can never pursue any!
You can only ever go one way, bc.
A fork is meaningless once passed.
That's absurd.
I choose such that the path I follow will be best.
You have an strange idea of what it means to be alive, bc.
There are possibilities that you cannot even be aware of, mucking around in the filth as you are.
Then you're no better than lost.
I have my ticket into paradise; it is the little slice of the divine in her.
Despite your ranting, I think I'd rather not miss this particular bus.
dmg, grab twentysomething's asses constantly.
It's considered acceptable behavior for a senile old man.
I wouldn't want to kill anyone.
Grabbing twentysomething's asses seems fun, though.
You said you were drunk, not 7 minutes ago.
bc is not a sorority girl.
He does not drink captian morgan's.
Cripes, bc, get yourself so Gossling's or Meyer's
I've never had scotch, and now that I've quite alcohol, I never will.
Gossling's and Meyer's aren't upmarket.
They just aren't shit 
I don't know anything about scotch, 'cept single malts should not be mixed, right?
Like, put in a cocktail.
But drunk straight instead.
I got terribly sick off rum once, and swore the next morning that I would never drink it again.
My resolve lasted all the way until that evening 
So, the door won?
It's illegal to skinny dip with your sister's girlfriends?
It's illegal in most of the U.
I would imagine.
Anyway, I think it would be a misdemeanor, unless done in a really public environment.
Some fellow got a blow job from his girlfriend on a busy family beach, and they only got two days in jail.
Submitted.
It already was voted into oblivious once, luisa|.
What does the blue pill do?
I don't want the blue pill.
I want to go openeyed into happiness.
Julia Roberts doesn't have a huge rack at all.
Are you crazy?
Prove it.
They don't have huge racks either.
You're just making stuff up.
You might indicate when posting a pornographic link.
It's only polite.
The URL meant nothing to me.
hbw, spy on the naked lady next door.
That's what I'm planning on doing this evening.
Well, set things up, hbw.
Do you have a camera?
Who are you suggesting do this, bc?
What the hell are you gibbering about?
Well, who were you giving advice to, bc?
I'm being called a troll, bc.
Why is everyone making topical remarks in editorial comments?
What's cold calling?
You harrassed people over the phone for a living?
Nobody is giving me any useful suggestions for my story.
It's just a lot of ranting and namecalling.
The edit queue sux
You suck at cocks, too.
Whore.
chanserv akick #adequacy add !
Jihad!
What's the exchange rate?
You can buy a perfectly good bottle of rum for $20
I've seen 750ml bottles of rum for $5, luisa|.
You need to sex her up.
Sure you can.
Surely you've had sex with a girl, luisa|.
Do her, luisa|.
I so mandate.
Well, there you go.
Take some pictures of her nude and give them to me.
Yes, I am, I freely admit it.
I already downloaded them all, though.
I'm not?
Send me some.
Wow, my story is getting voted down fast.
I was voted down 
Harb did vote for me.
How odd!
bc has let a girl take advantage of him when drunk.
He doesn't like to talk about it, though.
You were not.
I tried irc.
trollaxor.
com the other day
It was advertised on /.
Is this luisa|'s brother we're talking about?
bc, who is Jeffr?
He's as boring as hell.
So I akicked him.
He guessed it was me, so he started bitching 
Then elby came back and unbanned him.
I didn't know!
He didn't seem like the sort to be anyone's friend.
I feel sad.
I have received no pictures of naked women today.
luisa| is really letting me down in a big way.
I am ICQing the most wonderful person in the whole world!
Can't, sorry.
Oh goooood?
That was fast.
Did you clean up?
Doubtless.
You've managed to miss every point you've ever had a chance to hit, bc 
luisa|'s imaginary friend is watching the television.
trollaxor.
com is the deadest network anywhere.
It has one channel, and that channel is dead.
You call the cable fairy.
It's not hard to play stupid when one is stupid.
That's the secret to my success.
trollaxor.
com is not dead right now.
I had an idea for another story.
It's a serious article, talking about how the problem of situational moral luck means that we need to focus more on rehabilitation in punishment and less on retribution.
I can't remember the fourth sort of moral luck >
senility is striking me down a bit prematurely.
That was fast.
I'll say.
Of course, if I post a perfectly serious article, I will get flamed to death for trolling
We'll see.
Maybe I'm wrong, and nobody will cry troll.
I forgot causal.
And naturally enough, too, since it's redundant.
Hello, ^
I forgot to type the rest.
A bot?
What does it do?
There.
I just banned sixtyfive thousand people, potentially
The power gives me a rush
Writing late at night is perhaps not a good idea.
Reading about the justice system on /.
is always fun.
Hello!
twinkle, please.
I will, thanks!
And adequacy is also dying.
The Onion must really dying.
I would like good porn.
Yes, I graduated.
Now I search for a job, but so far it has been futile.
I want to be a techgeek, but that's not looking promising.
I need to think of something else I could do.
I'm sure you're right.
I wish I could get paid to pontificate and moralize.
I hope to only work for a year.
I hope to never leave academia.
Philosophy.
Theology is more textually focused, for one thing, at least traditionally.
Also, it deals exlusively with the nature of God, and is not so interested in the range of questions that philosophy is.
It's gotten really blurred, though, as a lot of theology programs have started basically just practicing a form of continental philosophy.
I don't know what your asking.
Many of the same questions that theology asks about God are asked by philosophers about other things, so no, a theologen must, to a certain extent, practice philosophy.
Theology isn't a proper subset of Western analytic philosophy, since it doesn't have the same empahsis on logic and has a much greater empahasis on tradition.
Actually, no, it's not a subset, because it relies on special revelation.
Philosophy doesn't acknowledge any source of knowledge except human faculties.
It's debated what faculties humans have, but I think the former point is agreed upon.
How is that?
Many philosophical positions have significant theological implications, so he might have been trying to demolish an intellectual framework that was hostile to Christianity without actually establishing Christianity on philosophical grounds.
Ubu, you might be right, but off the top of my head, I couldn't think of a clearly philosophical school that relied on special revelation.
Scripture is classified as special revelation, though.
Can there be Christianity with no scripture?
I don't know enough about Wittgensteinian epistemology to comment, but I haven't noticed any emphasis on revelation in contemporary works.
Maybe I missed it.
I think that scripture is pretty clearly intended primarily for the instruction of the believer.
You think so?
There are plenty of people who are converted while reading a Gideon bible in a hotel, but there are plenty more that ridicule scripture for what they perceive has contradictions and inconsistencies.
What of them?
Jesus didn't charge his disciples with spreading Bibles to every corner of the world.
They were supposed to go and teach and guide themselves.
bee cee
zuul, seen qpt
zuul, seen sortileger
No you don't.
You can't marry her.
Well, you know.
well, blood.
bc, you have scottish blood.
You must not mix it with inferior blood.
Well, you want children, and it makes sense that you would have them with your wife.
Yes, and yes.
bc, she's black.
Never mind.
hehe, I'm just being annoying.
I refuse to read Ayn Rand.
Somebody will come up with the exact same ideas in a binary language free of decimal.
Ayn Rand can't create ideas.
I miss my girl 
I saw that.
Savages.
The British did much good with their empire, but they should've ingrained civilization even more firmly into these brutes.
Sure, a few would die, but the net suffering would be much left.
lo again
Hello!
em, I loved your story =
greenrd is funny.
I'm in So.
Oregon, and it's not that hot.
Nor have I.
Yes, it's usually quiet, but when it gets going, the discussions are more interesting and sophisticated than on any of the other channels.
Idling is fine if you want to wait.
That's gk talk.
70% = 90%
got it
It's hard to get As here too?
I think it's hard.
I've never gotten better than a C.
Barely.
wish I were
I have earned your undying respect, bc.
I answered the question correctly.
har har !
I hate ip4noman
Well, it's a stupid, stupid name
I don't even use that name.
Let's sex.
What the hell are you talking about?
That doesn't work.
Holy fuck, that looks perverse.
No thanks!
Those pictures looked like the offspring of an unholy union between man and beast!
You're in a rabbit?
me, I am weak 
I broke my vow of teetotaling.
Well, it was the 4th, our big holiday yesterday.
And I was walking through downtown, and as I walked past my favorite pub, I accidentally turned in, walked up the stairs, sat down, and started drinking.
I have become so weak.
Two pints and I was quite tipsy.
I didn't embarrass myself!
I discreetly stopped after three, then stumbled home and took a nap.
gin would be nice.
Since I can't manage to stay dry.
Thlayli, you ran off.
kitten makes me laugh.
He has preset lectures that he just launches into even if they aren't really at all relevant.
And me.
Your valiant effort at a rebuttal was only slightly hampered by your drunken state.
I've been working on it for over a year.
It's down to 87.
Anyway, enough time will make up for any other shortcomings.
Despite being well known, that fact had somehow escaped me.
Freud could probably tell us why, were he not dead.
Who's we?
And no, I did not.
Who is he?
Didn't we already decide that months ago?
Did you finally get yourself some sort of script to analyze word usage?
Is that all?
What is WDKiernan?
RobotSlave, guess who I saw?
bc, in #adequacy
Well, I've not been in here a much.
adequacy is dead, you know.
adequacy was a shooting star.
Only not the sort that blazes spectacularly accross the sky, filling everyone with awe.
adequacy was the sort of shooting start that briefly flashes along the horizen, managing to escape everyone's notice before being extinguished.
Exactly.
It rose and fell in utter obscurity.
I will have my fifteen minutes.
Yes, I will, no matter how sorely the world must pay for me to have it.
I will not allow it.
I will do something horrible and senseless and die doing it.
Oh come on, there are some things that will get you in the papers.
I don't think the impulse is original.
It is tried and true.
There can be no civilization without outrage.
Sure, the object of outrage changes with the fashions.
But outrage itself always remains.
Everyone is outraged by something.
And the media is all too happy to peddle in it.
So you think I am incapable of discerning the latest trend in outrage?
Why do you say that?
You're completely missing what I am trying to say.
I have no intention of copying anyone.
That isn't what I mean.
I intend to be sensitive to what comes next.
You're confusing premiditation wiht predictability.
premeditation with
I have no reason to think that's true, and I intend to prove it wrong.
Postmodernism is dead.
I think your understanding of postmodernism is lacking.
They do.
At least, they think their debates are interestig.
A great tragedy of the digital age, no doubt.
In former times, we would have to correspond via letters.
And those letters would've been preserved.
I wonder what the future will think of us.
When all our email archives have rotted away.
Our grandchildren's grandchildren will conclude that we hardly communicated at all.
Most of the population of the United States is within a few miles of the coast.
And now they tell me that the oceans are rising.
We're about to lose it all.
Then the glaciers.
The end result being?
And humanity will be scraped off of north america and europe like so much crap off of someone's shoe.
In mexico?
I'd rather just be told.
I am a product of the 80's, you'll note.
Who's to say the ice might reach to the same extent as it did last time?
Could it not go further?
I imagine they will be nighunstoppable, though.
I saw that a largish asteroid might hit the planet within the next few decades.
I can't imagine that would help.
I suppose that the west would deal with the Africans once and for all.
So that Africa could be made safe for whites.
What did it say?
If much of north and europe become uninhabitable, the western governments will not allow the potentially useful and arable land of Africa to be wasted.
There will be an invasion, and the Africans will be killed or enslaved, and the continent will be divided into plots.
RobotSlave, I have read about that through other sources.
They should've picked a less critical moment to make this change over.
Perhaps winter would've worked well.
The efforts of the past will appear as nothing if the West begins to become uninhabitable.
There will be War.
It wouldn't be like us to sit and freeze to death while there exists inhabitable land elsewhere, though.
And rightly so.
There's no reason to, yet.
The white man managed to subjugate a hemisphere for worse reasons than certain hypothermia.
Well, the south is pretty brown.
South America?
I would tend to call them that, since they look brown.
In the advent of an ice age, will the tropical regions become more bearable?
Would they be quite so hot?
I can't stand heat.
I can't write a straight article.
Lord knows I've tried.
That requires too much cleverness.
Why can't they just love me for who I am?
Doesn't everyone deserve that?
It is, but I'm so damned unmotivated lately.
It's shameful.
But everyone else is, too, so I don't feel so bad.
I have a collection of halfdone articles too.
Night.
God damn fucking jargon file.
Son of a bitch.
Hello.
I'm always so tempted to click any link I come upon.
But the jargon file always irritates me.
Oh fuck, that was lame.
I AM SO ANGRY
If meept mailed my girlfriend, I'd have his black heart on a stake.
Oh, I'm sure he's a nice guy.
I just don't want any stupid fucking trolls mailing my girlfriend.
I'm not a troll, so my girlfriend is quite real.
Shut up about your ugly whore.
aww fuck.
I can't believe I'm listening to you jackasses.
He hates me.
Everyone does 
Well, ok then.
I don't even have the dubious honor of being hated by all.
I'm close to a job.
I've done janitorial and manunfacturing.
They will if you lie on your resume.
And if you talk really slow.
And use small words.
That's the trouble with statesponsered higher education.
Someone has to dig the ditches, even if everyone has a degree.
I've never seen pornography in a powerpoint presentation.
I used to date a hot chick 
I dated her for more than a year.
I could refer to her in all sorts of ways, but in the interest of selfcontrol, I will refrain.
pb, your hot chick turned out to not be hot, or not a chick?
I do you make a mistake about a thing like that?
My nice, beautiful, interesting girl didn't even think I was worth a powerpoint slideshow 
She did, often.
They were great.
No, I really enjoyed them 
That's awful, if true.
I bet perdida did it to some poor guy.
When perdida did it, though, it took five takes before she remembered to not swallow 
She's ashamed of her semeneating habits.
What's a family thing?
Their mothers and sisters do what to them?
What on earth are you talking about?
I give up.
I don't want to.
Disgusting, all of you.
It is my sincere hope that no penis will ever part the lips of any girl I love.
I had never feared such a thing before, as it had not occured to me.
I will fear it now, though.
I don't want her to give head.
At all.
You asked.
She won't want to.
I hadn't thought of doing that, but you're right.
No, you didn't.
Ask anyone.
I only use Open Source Software, because RMS says closed source stiffles innovation.
Microsoft was named after Bill Gate's weewee!
plink plink
I've not noticed him lately.
Is that a paste?
Did he mean, Geeks are intelligent.
That makes more sense.
Otherwise, I can't say I'm sure what he means.
He's probably just trying to ruffle feathers.
They can't be worn out.
I hate them.
I thought my Turing machine joke was good.
I'm not banned, since I'm a suck up.
bc, I did see it.
They could ban !
speakeasy.
They don't care.
If it keeps but one troll out.
Ray Megard isn't 70%?
This is pretty funny.
He's got a thing.
Hey peepz
What could fall through?
Were you going to play for money or clothing?
You could've struck it rich!
Their girlfriends were demanding more Thursdayevening love.
eh, you're better off unmarried.
Nonsense.
Paul encouraged people to remain single.
You're fine.
Actually, I'm somewhat sympathetic.
I'm a devout Christian, and have recently determined to remain single.
The task does look a bit daunting.
I think saltpeter will be my new best friend.
Saint Paul didn't have saltpeter.
Did they really?
Excellent idea.
If I could rid myself of my sex drive, without side effect or effort, I would do it, in a heart beat.
I love Christians.
I know that I usually speak sarcastically and cynically, but I'm not now.
I really do.
I'm a poor Christian, personally, but I'm glad there are good ones and I prefer to surround myself with them.
Would you like me to kiss your shins better?
me0w, you're fantastic.
Advil is ibuprofen, the one and only miracle drug.
I love ibuprofen.
Also, me0w, what you really need is someone who loves your legs as much as I would pretend to if I had the energy to start some nonsense along those lines.
I hope that was clear.
Your things are made of death?
Crafting anything out of death is terribly difficult.
First_Incision, are there any health concerns that I need to be aware of?
Will it make my stomach bleed, cause brain damage, or something like that?
Like aspirin.
Will it cause horrible liver and brain damage like acetaminophen?
I took a handful of tylenol once, though 
Am I brain damaged?
I'm being serious, here.
You're mocking me.
If it helps your diagnosis, any, it was actually tylenol pm.
The cute li'l blue pills.
It's acetaminophen and dihphenhydramine HCl, apparently.
I took a handful, and I can't remember anything from the next.
well, I actually don't know how long.
I remember one thing, but I'd rather not say what that was >
It is.
Hello, luisa.
eh, none of your concern, but a heart gah nonetheless.
Hey, folks.
I'd like a picture of ubu.
I need something to keep me company, if you know what I mean.
I can't find ubu's picture 
What's your current career?
What's that pay?
That puts you in a great tax bracket, I bet.
I'd give you a dime, luisa|, and tell you not to spend it all in one place.
In all my real pictures, I have bleary, sunken eyes and a swollen, red nose.
My cheeks are rosy and my lips chafed.
I told you, ubu, I'm 170lbs.
Dammit.
You are not.
That's more like it.
Yikes.
Pull yourself together, man.
ubu, was that hot or not picture really you?
Ask away.
But in all fairness, I already had one.
The guy in the picture looks like one slick son of a bitch.
And you strike me as a clumsy, awkward son of a bitch.
Your overuse of interesting is one problem.
At one point, we might have actually thought you found something or other interesting.
Now, though, it's obvious that you're just stalling.
Take all the time you need.
Don't we all.
Bitch.
Really, the only reason we're here is because we all want bc.
I think we should be honest about that.
Shut up, luisa.
I've made up my mind, ubu.
If I ever want some mansex, and if that really is your picture, you're definitely in the running.
Excellent!
Are you balls smooth and boyish?
Oh well, no one is perfect.
The three of us should have a, well, threesome.
I should've said sexual encounter.
Given that I had already specified the number of people involved, saying threesome was redundant.
The three of us should have a dinner?
I'd prefer my own dinner, thanks!
A great, sad cook, who is too sad even to cook.
It's tragic.
Aren't you afraid that it would turn hostile and awkward, ubu?
Or are you hoping it would?
They are terrifying to me?
Speaking of awkward, my ex messages me from work today, complaining about having been there for far too long.
I offered my heartfelt sympathies, of course.
So she made a comment to the effect of, Since when have you cared how long I have to work?
Unfortunately, smackoverICQ remains unimplemented.
Maybe I just want to smack two girls a lot.
I feel like smacking, more like it!
The keys are right next to each other.
It's not my suggestion, ubu, it's the English language's.
You're not allowed to call me that until I actually switch teams.
How do girls mean it?
As am I.
I love women.
Well, they appeal to me sexually, anyway.
Not Satan, surely!
cyndrekit is a cute master, ubu.
I hope you're OK with that.
Oh, you shouldn't.
Some people just want their master to be intimidating, or what not.
You already are.
This is what you're dreaming about.
Freak.
If only you were that imaginative!
I wish girls would speak actual English words to me!
They just sneer and turn away in disgust 
luisa|, you've seen me.
You know they don't.
You know you have.
It would've been a long time ago.
bc would've showed you the picture.
I refuse to lower myself to that, ubu.
I am not!
I'm just an angry drunk.
I don't actually hurt anyone.
I'm harmless!
I couldn't possibly strike you, luisa, not really.
I just don't have it in me.
Well, maybe if you took away my whisky.
Well, it's really not polite.
Some do, though?
Texans.
You used to do what as bait?
Why on earth would you do that?
Pain is, well, painful.
To be avoided.
Sure, ubu, you'd claim she was provoking you, of course 
If you ever got tired of talking about yourself, luisa, how do you think that would feel?
I once knew a girl who people wanted to break.
She was quite resiliant to physical abuse, too.
Man oh man, did I get her, though.
It was you?
ubu, I'm unhappy with that.
I liked RobotSlave.
Yes, one of your accounts, I imagine.
In his diary.
ubu, I've toyed with the idea that you, RobotSlave, and I are the fractured pieces of a primordial superbastard.
See, we're curiously similar in certain ways, but also markedly distinct.
Also, I have a heart of gold.
RobotSlave was actually very kindly and friendly.
That's the terrible secret he was hiding from us all.
He was not weak!
It was a gentle man.
He will be missed.
You are an inveterate cynic!
And with bc elsewhere, luisa, you're just a greasy little tart amid wolves.
I am a wolf.
A wolf with a heart of gold.
I wore a dark orange sweater today.
It was rather bold of me!
You have a strange view of men, luisa.
That's why I love cyndrekit.
She can ask innocently, with not a trace of insincerity, whether the new eminem movie was any good.
cyndrekit, come see eminem's movie with me.
We'll sit in the back and chastly hold hands.
I'm not lying when I say that's the best outcome I've ever gotten when I asked a girl out.
My former lady?
Oh, ha.
I made that up.
No, silly.
I'm an overweight geek who's never talked to a girl he didn't have to.
Let's talk about Linux?
I burned the latest stable Debian ISOs today.
I hope to find time to install them tomorrow.
Excellent.
Soon you will start solving those problems in linguistics that we're all dying to know the answers to.
Heavens, I had forgotten all about Nell.
I should take this opportunity to confess my crush on Jodie Foster.
momocrome, because the abandonment of hope is really the only hope there is.
I wouldn't try to assassinate Ronald Reagan.
I would like it if she knew that because she was sitting on my lap reading this.
Happens to the best of us.
And to you too!
Everyone who actively does stuff online is usually kind of freaky.
Oh well!
Hello, folks.
How are things, ubu?
Good, good.
Repeat shoeboy's suggestion until you have a single word that sums it all up, em.
Can you think of an idea that can't be expressed by a single German word?
Although a bit of irrelevant detail is lost, prostate massage can be summed up by the English word abomination.
When did you last induldge, kiad?
You don't think so or you're not wearing any?
eh, when in Rome.
Night, me0w!
The behavior of actual Romans is unimportant.
Gauls' opinions are also unimportant.
I don't know, kiad, but that does it for me.
bc, you're here, good.
What's happening at the blue spruce?
The topic.
I thought I was missing out on an funfilled drunken gettogether.
Oh well.
shoeboy and elby would only have abused me, anyway.
I can't imagine chloe and shoe showing up at the same gathering.
Now answer me this, why doesn't chloe rhyme with shoe.
Why should we be natural allies?
elby is a nice enough guy on his own.
It's only when he's with shoeboy that things get ugly.
Hello, wcb!
No, wcb, email it to editors@adequacy.
But only if you feel that the piece may not be the sort of thing adequacy.
org is interested in.
If you're sure adequacy.
org wouldn't want it, then don't send it to anyone.
If you're sure we would, just submit it normally.
Then submit it to K5.
I was kidding, anyway.
Hooray, it's drunken bc topic time!
Do you want me to do that for you?
There you go!
No, you screwed up.
This bit shouldn't be in the topic, topic/#adequacy change by bc 
Don't make me raise my voice!
Ok, I suppose I see your point.
Probably.
Do you drink it straight or mix it?
Poor guy.
Do you know what I like to mix rum with?
More rum!
It's great that way.
Really?
At my local liquor store, there are a good eight or nine brands of rum availible, and each brand has multiple types.
It's quite a task picking one \
Of course.
You're in the UK.
Is it?
I thought it was Carribean.
What sort of vodka do you prefer?
I'm not a vodka drinker, but I've been thinking about trying some.
All of those are availible here.
Which is true, if you look at things from the cosmic perspective.
I try to look at things from the cosmic perspective, since I am a god.
To a god, this Canada you speak of is unimportant.
Sheep and cows aren't business sectors in Montana.
Rather, they are hobbies or love interests.
I am the 4red god of 4communism.
British beef is delicious.
Dirt cheap, too, for some reason.
seventypercent, I can climb on top of a tower and see my entire area code.
And you're none the worse for it!
Except for the unfortunate mental retardation.
That's really too bad.
I think I like bad cow disease more.
bad mad cow disease is best, though.
Those damn bad mad cows.
I will smite the bad cows.
I wonder if there is some mental set in the animal world that corresponds to bestiality.
Do some animals lust madly for humans?
You shouldn't even have a dog.
Kitties are superior.
Kitties are friendly in a cultured and polite way.
Most ever animal that can lick its bum does.
It's one of the things I don't like about animals
Kitties are so pretty and cute, too.
And they smell nice.
Generally.
Well, cat food.
Well, RobotSlave, that is a problem, yes.
Their fur is not smelly, though.
My kitty smells faintly of smoke.
My families dog smells strongly of hell.
It's not that sort of smoke, she smells a bit like smoked kitty, as opposed to smoked salmon.
My family's dog used to enjoy running across the way and rolling in sheep excrement.
It was disgusting.
She would come back just matted with the stuff.
It was vile.
Why are you breeding Huskies?
I will move to a tropical island when the glaciers come.
I will rule my subjects as a god.
which, coincidentally, is exactly what I am
I realized this as I was walking home today and a rude driver ran a red light, nearly running me over.
I smote him, of course.
Then it occured to me that nobody else ever seemed to smite people, yet I did it all the time.
I can only conclude that I am a god.
Yes, I thwart the best laid plans of both mice and men quite frequently.
Personally, I would never allow alcohol between these divine lips.
It might interfere with my divine perception and insight, causing me to thwart and smite those unworthy of it.
There are nothing but benefits.
You clearly do not know what it means to be omnipotent.
Omnipotence means never having to say you're sorry.
Hello, raoul!
All better?
I dislike takehome final exams.
Yes, I do.
If the exam were in class, it could not require more than two hours of work.
However, since it's takehome, it requires a good four times as much work.
Contemporary ethical theory.
I was here before you, RobotSlave.
Hello, linacaro1!
bc, it almost sounds like you've been drinking.
Who calls you a what?
Stay away from southsmpton.
Hello!
raoul, if you had to guess and you do, what would you say is the most sexual letter?
That was awesome, shoeboy.
abstards?
And if elby jumped off a bridge, would you find that sufficient reason to do it yourself?
Maybe if you were nicer to them, shoeboy?
Isn't perdida jewish?
Just checking.
Carry on.
I can't say I see the appeal.
shoeboy, gotcha!
elsewhere.
This sounds suspiciously like science fiction.
I think you'd best stop.
I'm not going to read the full story.
Hello!
hahaha!
How are you linacar0?
I am drunk!
good night su
Sylvain
I am not the god but i am a god
the god of communism
linacar0 you need to stop trolling #k5
its wrong
Hello, elby.
That doesn't have caffeine in it.
I wish it were Friday.
Hello, bc!
hi nathan, bc
I've been worse.
bc is potato error
I don't think so.
You need to stop.
The glaciers are not coming.
I wish you would stop carrying on.
I have a terrible headache.
Glaciers do not swoop.
You're full of nonsense.
All of you.
I have to finish a paper, but I feel unmotivated.
I don't know what you're talking about.
A good dinner sounds, well, good.
I don't live with lice.
It's only 6pm
bc, did they find out that you're posting as potato error?
oops, wrong window
smart smart smart !
I am very bluecollar.
Don't frown, cutie.
Shouldn't it be feet?
I quite agree.
Children don't need to see glamorized depcitions of smoking.
LNUX has actually gone up at times.
bah, look at the graph you just posted.
It's going up all the time.
When trading stock, I prefer to buy low and sell high.
If there is no selling, how can there be buying?
I would like to purchase one hundred thousand shares of Linux stock, please.
I only have a few dollars to spend.
I'm going to become a day trader.
That story headline doesn't make any sense.
Well, it does, but I can't imagine anyone writing a story about that.
You are not subscribed to KuroBot.
The headline Causes for Kuro5hin.
org decreasing in quality
It should be Causes of Kuro5hin.
org decreasing in quality
In which case, we would understand that whatever it is that causes Kuro5hin.
org is decreasing in quality.
All humor aside, I think what the author intended to write was Causes for Kuro5hin.
org's decrease in quality
You're right, of sounds better.
I think that perhaps the author had just discovered gerunds and wished to try one out.
Yes, perdida.
God damn stoners.
You are witty!
Mandi is a skinny little jewess with no breasts.
It's true!
I don't even know who Mandi is.
I see.
elby, it's true
You mean recoil.
kickback is one of the perks of being a politician.
bc is a drunken romantic.
You definitely should not worry about him.
No, he's romantic, too.
I think you should drink more rum.
With coke?
Rum and brandy can be good.
How was it great?
Vicky is a skinny jewess with no breasts.
I don't see the appeal.
As well she should.
Jin tried to contact me the other day, bc.
bc, yes, really.
seventypercent, bc played a nastier trick on her than you know.
I'll gladly tell the story if bc says it is ok.
I know, bc, now may I tell the story?
seventypercent, bc gave his icq account to me and had me talk to Jin pretending to be him.
After a while, I told Jin, and she was quite upset.
Yes, there's that.
seventypercent, absurd.
I can't say no to that cute drunken scotsman.
seventypercent, not exactly.
I was just very sweet and caring, causing her to develop affection toward bc.
She poured out her heart to her most deadly enemy!
No, Trollaxor is just a clown.
I am Jin's most ancient and deadly foe.
Well, about a year.
That's a long while in Internet time!
seventypercent, you probably didn't notice, but bc is intoxicated.
You drink constantly, seventypercent.
I could easily drink constantly if I allowed myself.
I allow myself one bottle of liquor a week, though.
750ml of 80 proof, PotatoErrorFan.
I use a Dvorak keyboard.
It helps me type 23% more accurately when 100% intoxicated!
I do too.
What are you ralking abour?
I don't understand gks.
As a fussy academic, I can tolerate both other fussy academics and normal folk.
Gks I cannot tolerate.
Goddamn it.
That stupid stoner has hated me forever.
I use Microsoft Words for all my wordprocessing needs.
Let's all /msg him with frowny faces.
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
I did too, bc, but I got no reply.
I used this one 
I imagine drdink would unban us happily.
Everyone loves bestest.
Oh, it's perdida, my most favorite.
well, you know the rest.
Sounds good, bc!
Or better Vocabulary is cool.
Words are cool.
That's pretty cool.
Think about it.
We don't hang gay people.
I've never hung a gay person.
Not once.
Anyway, if they're into BDSM, they won't mind being beaten.
Snubbed at luncheons!
Well, now we're talking about crimes against humanity.
You're to small and fragile to beat anyone but an infant, bc.
Do you beat infants, bc?
Bastard.
You were not technically an infant at age 12.
A 12 year old is basically an adult and should be given adult labor to perform and tried in adult courts.
You're lifestyle of boozing?
How does fighting interfere?
You're a tiny girl.
Things are easy for you.
Are too.
But you can have someone carry you.
Girls are pretty pathetic in a fight.
Bash one over the head with a brick, and she's out of it.
I have never seen a girl that could take a brick to the head.
EvilSnoofy, sure.
Nobody can take two, though.
Everyone will go down on the second brick.
Or fight in areas that don't have bricks laying around.
I carry a firearm for protection.
9mm pistol.
I also have a .
45 magnum, but it is too big to carry around.
It's Glock.
I've been practicing my marksmanship.
I can hit a mansized target from 100 yards with nearperfect reliability.
shoeboy, exactly.
The light weight is only convenient until you try to shoot the damn thing.
I wouldn't trust myself to hit a mansized target across a room with a tek9
Why do you want a gun made of ice?
If painful.
It was dangerous.
To everyone except the target.
The gun itself was probably fine, I'm sure, but the sort of people who used it were not trained with firearms.
Better yet, a cop and a felon.
I would like a Hollywood uzi.
A psychologist?
Well, maybe she's too weak to hold it up.
They can weigh a good 45 pounds.
bc needs to be kept away from guns.
He would only get drunk and start shooting things.
That gets expensive, bc.
Never know when you might want to conquer a swamp, though.
Which I had to tell you to drink.
I never get hangovers.
Just take Vitamin B & C and drink lots of water.
Not just when you drink, but always.
Is that right, bc?
Then why don't linacar0 and I ever get hungover?
They make you ill?
Red wine does too.
You have a weak constitution, linacar0.
bc can consume anything at all!
bc can eat nothing but pork pies and 151 rum and be perfectly strong and healthy!
Sorry.
I got carried away.
In case anyone is confused, 151 rum is to be drunk, not eaten.
I enjoy washing dishes and doing laundry.
I'm always disappointed when I run out of things to clean.
I've never used ritalin.
Hook me up, elby_!
Well, you said crank.
I didn't read the rest.
Pizza?
Pizza is great.
Buy me a pizza, and I'll be your friend forever!
Not if you buy me pizza.
What do you want?
Hey everyone.
Hello, my favorite!
Fear factor is amusing.
Fear factor with skinny jewesses with no breasts would be divine, but I suppose that's asking too much.
bc thinks I'm obsessed.
No, with skinny jewesses with no breasts.
I don't know.
Is everyon?
everyone
So, why is everyone obsessed with them, ism?
shoeboy, this isn't #teenchat
Hullo, zikzak!
5am is a good ambitious time to wake up.
Good morning, #adequacy.
Someone claiming to be osm posted to my diary asking for pictures, bc.
It's scary and gross.
Disgusting people everywhere.
k5 or k5?
bc, I am banned from #k5
eh, so he did
oh, everyone came back
bc, I think you need to get us unbanned from #k5
I can't recall what my ban is.
That I can do easily!
suckers
Invite him to #adequacy and then kb him.
sleepy
got to get a bit more done
Take the heroes of the Iliad, for instance  they really had some exciting thrills, and were they scared?
They were drunk.
Every chance they could get.
And so am I, and I'm not going out there and have a horrible car wreck until somebody brings me a cocktail.
djbonghit is in there.
He traumatized me 
Poor boy!
Is that true?
Sex is less fun.
I hate sex.
It's just a ploy by women to steal my vital essence.
Among other things.
Does it?
That sounds like something a gk would say.
The problem with evolution is that while it works, it doesn't ask for your opinion on how to proceed, because it doesn't care.
You make thing that by doing this or that, you are acting in an evolutionary mistake, but odds are, your kind is a mistake that is going to be pruned out any century here.
make thing should be may think
I can't type on my new Dvorak keyboard.
We have, bc.
Perhaps you haven't, but if not, you need to take it up with evolution, not us, bc.
Objective perspective?
I suggest you read Polanyi before babbling on about such nonsense.
Come back when you've educated yourself.
Your evaluation betrays your lack of comprehension.
I've never heard of him, bc.
What did he write?
No, I think you need to stop fabricating authors.
He is, but he likes to make things up.
How surprising, RobotSlave.
Nobody is that obscure.
If you're worth reading, your name is on the Internet.
Are we to believe that not a single person has put up a web page mentioning Nibatnokov?
That's implausible.
RobotSlave, true, but everyone's name is online.
Any respected researcher you think of, their name is listed in some University phone book, or on the web site for some series of conferences.
Something.
So, what exactly does he write about?
Objective knowledge, evolutionary psychology, intellectual voyeurism?
What is his field, his credentials?
A respected prolific author on a variety of subjects who has never once been mentioned on all the internet.
I can't find any mention of him in any index I have access to either.
He's never been published or mentioned in
Actually, the list is too long to paste
RobotSlave, everything has been a dead giveaway.
bc won't admit that he's lying 
You forgot to put a footnote for the Sartre reference.
Not that Sartre would ever say anything like that.
He admitted it to me.
Look at that, a quote from Sartre, but no reference.
Sartre is really getting shorted in this piece.
Where the hell was this published?
I've read those respected, peerreviewed journals, and they're nothing at all like this.
In general, the writing is actually quite good.
It's just the same words, over and over.
Clearly, a perl script.
What's the url of the site that generated this?
I've seen somthing similar online.
It generates random scholarly works.
Let me see!
Yes, that one.
It references Foucault constantly.
My reading has mostly been confined to philosophical journals, but the articles are generally interesting and easy to follow.
Maybe other disciplines are worse.
Not quite.
Or the rock and roll.
People have been sexing forever.
Won't work.
Reading Gould has already affected the formation of the rest of your brain.
You're entirely contaminated.
You can mix the jam into the oatmeal, but you can't mix it out.
Entropy, and all that.
Your best chance was to cryogenically freeze yourself right after reading him.
It was something very similar to that, bc.
kitty is entitled to sleeping comfort, too
Hey ya'll!
Is that Yiddish?
Skinny jewesses with no breasts have a certain strange appeal.
Hello, revluci0n!
hey y'all
Hey, lush.
Pretty good.
bottle spin
Lucky me.
I'll say!
spin bottle
KuroBot, does shoeboy make you hot?
I don't blame you.
What kinds did you get?
Vegetable patty?
Where should I go for dinner?
I don't want subway.
Also, I'm already going to dinner with someone else, sorry.
Sorry 
elby, I have a prior engagement tonight.
Drunk?
Alright.
perdida, you got me banned.
Sure, blame the victim.
I wouldn't have said it had you not joined 
I am, though.
You're lucky you have breasts, if indeed you do and I'm not so sure.
Well, inconvenient for some, sure.
legolas sure never gets to use his 
Oh, then carry on.
But if at any point perdida feels more uncomfortable than is amusing to me, I will kick you, legolas.
Defend you?
Nah, I just like kicking legolas.
It's next to spain.
It's where the Mediterranean meets the Atlantic.
And Moores?
For a while, Moores were all the craze in Spain.
Who is Vicky?
Is she a sjwnb?
Well, is she or isn't she.
One can usually tell by just looking at the girl.
tiny_pea, no.
Oh, I wasn't talking about being a sjwnb, not cute.
Pretty close.
legolas skinny jewess with no breasts.
There.
I plan to use the abbreviation, now.
If you want her naked in your bedroom, go make it happen!
I wasn't in your class.
aboot, you're Canadian.
or kidnap her, legolas.
That works.
Waiting for the reply?
I don't understand.
So, you walked up to Vicky and said, Hey, want to go out?
and now you're waiting for the reply?
Is she slow?
No to what part.
An email!
hahaha
Pardon me.
Sorry, but that's really lame.
Still, it makes you seem like a big fat coward!
A pansy sisterboy!
I demand you change your nick to legolas_the_pansy_sisterboy.
Actually, I do demand it.
I don't have access to that.
Read us the note, RobotSlave.
I think it was written by a man.
Specifically, I think it was written by bc.
1323 <bc> I think I'll send RobotSlave a sexy Christmas card and not sign it.
Who was ddt?
Was the hand out with you in the original?
My dear Chester, I hope that your christmas and new year are wonderful.
I will be working out a lot over the next few weeks, so hopefully I will be thin enough for you soon.
Always  Forever
I like my version better.
Well, it is.
elby, if you give me money, I'll go get your wireless thingy for you!
You need only tip me a pizza.
I'm on my way!
I see.
You want to download porn without anyone seeing.
Alternately, you could leave the internet where it belongs and take actual women into your bedroom.
I am not capable of feeling hate.
I am love.
seventypercent got laid!
seventypercent almost got laid a while back.
bc, can I be Malice?
legolas, he didn't tell us what happen.
The woman probably slapped him, though, and stalked off.
Well, that's not surprising.
The police come.
Then it's running and hiding and finding and beating.
Oh, the beating 
RobotSlave, I bet she's good looking.
But in a subdued way.
She's not flashy.
No, she likes to hike, and go rafting.
She's a bit conservative, but a very good performer.
RobotSlave's secret admirer.
sjwnb, of course.
Highly.
What's your problem with him?
Hullo, linacar0.
0racanil ,thginot sdrawkcab gnipyt ew erA
ton ma I ,ft ,oN
namow ,flesruoy nialpxe nehT
ecnatsissa retupmoc esu ,ft
Can you teach me how to attract jewish waifs using scoop?
Good for you, but I prefer them skinny, with no breasts.
Female, though, so don't get any funny ideas.
You might ask bc for help.
He's a gk, I hear.
Do the paychecks clear?
The beast?
perdida hates the establishment.
revluci0n, if the beast likes sjwnbs as much as I do.
Generally speaking, bc always lies.
You saying that is, of course, consistent with my claim.
I know.
I was just pointing that out, bc.
What sort of meat are you talking about?
Big chunks of it, like steak?
I don't like that.
If I must eat it, it should have no more than a hint of pink.
Makes, sense, since linacar0 is a male.
That's an interesting question.
I suggest that you ask a biologist.
Your girlfriend looks quite female.
Not bad looking, either.
I think her name is Jennifer.
I could be wrong.
You've posted pictures!
She's little and blond.
Well, you talk about her often, bc, and you post pictures.
Need I continue?
I don't see how you could have not.
How many times were you drunk and forgetful?
You've posted her pictures a good four or five times.
You should be more careful.
Post her picture again.
Why not?
Too late.
Somebody else already did 
There's actually a toll free number that has been set up for those wishing to damn me.
Give up, linacar0.
bc has beat you again.
Only the inhuman fussiness of em is enough to overcome bc!
But that's not a fair fight.
A mere man should not be pitted against a force of nature.
I wonder what he received when he sold his humanity, and I wonder who the buyer was.
Tom Cruise used to be married to Nicole Kidman!
I am quite proud of the fact that I know that.
Is that right.
Nicole Kidman is not bad looking at all.
That's not true.
Good people are also good looking.
That is how you tell that they are good.
There isn't really any other way.
Would you like more pictures of Nicole Kidman?
I'm tired of Googling, but I wished to appear friendly and generous.
Excellent.
I should ask #k5 a riddle, but I can't think of any good ones.
See, if I use google, then the'll just google for the answers, and it will become a battle of googleskills instead of wits.
But being from a basically witless people, I'm sure that all went right over your head.
If I were only that clever.
linacar0, you're clever.
Do you feel like solving a riddle?
Great.
Now the brains have left.
These riddles are stupidly easy.
If you were running a race, and you passed the person in 2nd place, what place would you be in now?
let me think
Might you be in second?
baby adult sitting in char with cain blah blah blah
Everyone has heard that.
I spelt chair and cane wrong.
I really truly am not drunk.
Promise.
K5 is depressing.
I like being depressed.
When I get to happy, I bug people.
I am full of typos.
Most of these riddles are stupid.
For example FOUR is HALF of FIVE.
Is this statement True or False?
What statement?
I see a sentence.
That sentence can refer to any number of statements.
The statement that it most reasonably refers to is false.
There are no doubt other statements that it refers to that are true.
So what.
I like being fussy, dammit.
That would actually be a good riddle.
Remember to whistle while you work.
I guess it's just meant to be.
Is the glass half empty, or half full?
I think it's too big.
What was what for?
I don't recall anyone kicking you.
Sorry.
RobotSlave, where's this?
Oh, I was elsewhere watching sports enthusiasts have trouble getting out of the parking lot yesterday.
Spandex slacks?
You can purcahse notjeans at the same store that you purchase jeans.
Because then you'd wear spandex tops, and they know that.
It shouldn't be a word, if it is.
Wiccan girls have girlfriends, bc.
Sorry.
Actually, they're mostly geniuses who like to screw with you for fun.
I quite like it.
My favorite track on it is Samba Triste.
I could listen to that all day.
Desafinado is also very good.
I thought Mana's live album was outstanding.
En Vivo I think it was called.
Oh hush, you're sounding like a gk.
You not liking something doesn't make it suck.
Again, Cafe Tacuba's selftitled album was outstanding.
I think you should pardon the editors for not catering to your obscure tastes.
Nonsense.
The flaw in that album is that the band's reach sometimes exceeds their grasp.
Personally I think the songwriting could stand to be a bit more focused; the band's power is sometimes diluted by the diffuse energy.
Steve Riley had one good album, then it all went downhill.
Selftitled again, in '90 or '91.
I've never heard it, that I recall.
It's too bad that he got into so much trouble over his political views, though.
Yeah, he was jailed after the coup against Aristide.
What exactly are you asking?
em is not Italian.
What's klingon?
em, fussy?
It never would have crossed my mind to describe him as such.
It seems weird colloquial anything would be of primary interest to a linguist.
Ya'll hear what I be sayin'?
Y'all, goddamn it.
I never get it right.
I took Spanish in high school.
Como esta usted?
bc goes through a lot of women
that's a fact
You halffinish everything you lazy nogood
How many?
Well, now you have something to do if you get bored and feel creative.
No, finish an old article.
Think of it like a game.
You score ten hundred billion points every time you finish an article.
No, it inspires them to greatness.
Well, finish something.
Quick!
What is 80/?
You sound like a professional beer reviewer.
I drank a beer!
It was good!
I would like another, please.
I had it at a german restaurant.
I don't remember what it was called.
It was my third beer in all my life.
My first beer was a budweiser, as was my second.
After that, I decided I did not like beer, and avoided it for a good five years.
KuroBot has just informed me that ORBZ has shut down.
linacar0, I think RobotSlave and bc are close
I surely do not know, bc.
I am a fool, yes.
Some people call me bc, but I try to correct them.
That's a real pity.
Why not take out a personal ad?
I want to watch some hot wiccans do their naked moon dance.
Wiccans are sexy, and by sexy, I mean totally sweet.
What did iat do.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
You're too clever.
That's the problem.
Here's one response hahahahahahahahihihihihihihhiihihhahahihihuhuhuhuh
uhuh hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahihihihihihihihihihuhuh
uhuhuhu hahahohohohohohahahahahahahahihihihihihihihihihuhu
huhuhuhuhhahahahahhhihihihiahahahihhohohohohoihuhu
huhuhuhuh hahahahahhaha !
Except it's dated 1999!
Hey y'all.
bc, wiccan females are all lesbian, without exception.
What does that prove, bc?
I know that you want a wiccan wife.
I know that you're committed, but that doesn't change the fact that they are all lesbians.
She's either not wiccan or a lesbian.
I wonder if perdida is a wiccan.
I'm not so sure.
Then why use it?
KuroBot, spin bottle.
You were cut off, shoeboy.
giving out hints that he will be usin
Oh, excellent.
That essay needs a good review.
Hello.
Nobody is here except me.
linacar0 is trolling #k5
Or was a bit ago.
Of course not.
Well, bc is ignoring you, doubtless.
bc, justinfinity.
Amazing.
With vegemite?
I'm not a heathen.
No, I'm a Calvinist, now.
Either I'm damned or I'm not!
Nothing to worry about.
I'm tempted to ban him.
I don't want him in here whining.
Now he really won't.
bah, fine.
Nothing of note.
I think I would like a milkshake.
A milkshake with bailey's would be wonderful.
Unfortunately, I have no ice cream, no bailey's, and no blender.
I've never had it.
What is it?
You'd get banned.
You were only pretending?
Argue both sides?
Absurd.
Also, not that Africans couldn't kill of any of their large animals.
note, even
Better make it four.
One spare.
If you make an open discussion, people will just bitch and whine.
Nobody needs that.
cmf members are just silly?
Lost me there.
Well, that adds a whole new twist.
What about public archives?
Can't forget those.
He criticizes the CMF mercilessly because we wouldn't give him a seat on the committee.
raoul, I do not in fact hold a position with the CMF.
I wasn't asked.
Oddly.
encontrado, please stop disrupting #cmf.
He's kind of a crybaby.
I think I was nice, but I apologize.
I'd love to.
How much will it cost to run?
It's pay day tomorrow.
Woo, 2 out of 11.
That's enough for tonight.
Why not run to work?
It's great exercise.
That's not even half a marathon.
You should hear him in here ranting about you.
Jesus.
aphrael, I have a serious question about the 1 rating that may sound like a troll, but I assure you that it's not.
I don't believe in content.
Should I rate all comments 1, or none of them?
A 1 rating is actually neutral.
No it's not.
Unless you're talking about rounding errors.
Then a 1 is slightly positive.
I don't think the comment will mind being rated 1, really.
Rating it 1 doesn't contribute to hiding it, either.
Since mojo doesn't matter any more, a 1 rating doesn't hurt the poster.
Actually, encontrado, do to the limitations of computers, a 1 plus enough 1s will average to 1.
So a 1 is a tiny, tiny bump above hiding.
aphrael, maybe you should talk about the consequences for rating an undeserving comment 1.
aphrael, if there aren't consequences, why wouldn't people use 1 on comments they just didn't like?
aphrael, the problem is simply that there's no reward whatsoever for playing by the rules, but one gets a certain pleasure from whacking a dumb comment with a 1.
Dumb might be a string of 'W's or a liberterian screed.
Hell, 100%, including mine.
I still do it.
I haven't rated a story up in years, probably.
Fark is kinda fun, though.
And K5 is vicious and creepy.
Maybe turning into Fark wouldn't be bad.
I wonder if the ops are /walling behind our backs.
No, /wall.
Or /wallops.
Or whatever your client uses.
Nobody is in there.
Discussions like how to implement userdefined story attributes.
Where will the CMF site be?
Yes, but the domain name?
Effective access control to keep the stupid Americans out, who will probably type colaberativemedia.
org' or some such.
Stalking isn't dope.
Hello, and thanks for the heads up.
shoeboy, as a professional entertainer, you have a large disposable income.
Maybe you'd like to shoot some the CMF's way?
Close enough.
He's going to be the next Sinbad.
Is it only $4.
00 now?
Do you sometimes double up in the shower?
For efficiency, of course.
I did?
Or magicdress simply has had much better.
It's possible.
uh, how about we all get drunk and make some policy?
Jeeves, how about that CMF?
So far, Jeeves is the CMF's most significant product.
manobes isn't part of the CMF?
I thought we were all part of the CMF.
Great.
Get some more bots in here, and have them fight.
A spelling bot would be useful.
Jeeves, spell seriosukly
That bot is dumb.
NIWS tried to befriend me once, but I coldly rejected him.
I now feel guilty.
What if I somehow contributed to his madness?
But according to polls, I'm an asshole.
Birds of a feather, they say.
I get called asshole not infrequently.
Where are the CMF teleconferences archived?
Don't worry about it, Jeeves.
I don't have any ideas about the CMF.
Why'd you ban all the women of AOL?
What do you have against pornography?
the Collaborative Morality Foundation.
Jeeves, you're horrible.
He absolutely did.
It's God's honest truth.
How much money was there?
Explain the transsexual fetish to me.
Is the idea to have someone who is in all ways like a woman, but has a penis?
Come on.
Like you haven't bought a transsexual.
What did you look for?
singularity, check it out.
We could invite him.
Do it, with my blessing.
I can handle ol' Vladypoo as I call him, since I am his motherinlaw.
An article about IRC clients and window managers.
I hope I get to read it.
Z54NHHNMHJKUYJOIUOP';'P';/.
0184566.
In hindsight, I should've switched windows before scrubbing down the ol' keyboard.
Who knows?
I don't know.
I just know bc jumps, so I do it.
With any luck, your exposition will be listen by statbot as your random quote.
Wouldn't that be fun?
luisa's uninterruptable inanity will foil us.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
bc> besides, I'm busy on bondage.
Hello, ennui.
Where did you find it?
Stupid network.
Hello, Ubu.
I'm OK.
I was hoping to retrieve my $3.
Just like that bastard to go and get a life.
Abroad with a broad, yes.
He's throwing of the shackles of civilization and going back to the jungle.
I can't imagine a man of his standing chasing a naked wench through the wilds of Houston, anyway, truth be told.
I hope to resolve the misunderstanding between the two of us soon, though.
Well, he has been peppering K5's diary section with thinlyveiled threats against me, and I just want to get the matter cleared up.
Yes, he has been very careful to make sure that no one except me would be able to interpret his threats.
He clearly doesn't wish to hurt me, yet, for which I am grateful, but at that same time, he's left me somewhat confused.
No, he's blackmailing me.
However, I have no idea what he wants, so it's bound to be ineffective.
Certainly.
Thank you.
I will keep that in mind.
Hello, hoary.
Four days late, I am.
bc, spicy food as started giving me tummy pains 
em, you are not understanding the libertarian mindset.
They will fight to the death for their rights, but care little if those rights actually mean anything at all.
I forgot which channel I was in, Ubu.
It's all white text on bluish grey, yep.
With what?
Soap should fix that.
Do you have it in the UK?
I hope it costs less than fancier soap.
Well, perhaps soap itself is more expensive than coloring and perfume.
So a product that has coloring and perfume is cheaper to produce.
Soap has something to do with burnt animal fat.
I confess I don't know much about it, except that I need some every two hours or so.
bc, detergent, I guess.
Modern soap may be made from something else.
Thank goodness for soap.
I wash my hands about eight to ten times a day, and without soap, I'd never feel clean.
I've been concerned about em_ lately, bc.
He seems to be drinking more.
I know it, but lately he seems to be indulging more and more.
I'd point the finger at you, but you'd just get all defensive and selfrighteous.
He always quits before losing.
greenrd.
That was funny.
Have an olive loaf.
I thought you were a human spellchecker.
Have you been cheating?
What's jXIM?
com doesn't resolve.
What content will you manage?
You know I cannot abide pornography.
You're going to manage pornography under the guise of running a weblog?
Pornography encourages socialism.
The server isn't yours?
I'll consider donating $100K for new equipment once I'm convinced of jxim.
com's worth.
Well, if you can convince me that jxim.
com is worthwhile and that lapdances would significantly contribute to it, I'll buy you $100K worth of lapdances.
Yes, my picture.
Do you have a URL?
I seem to have misplaced it also 
I don't think I'd show my breasts in a picture.
I bet you'd have much more luck with the ladies if you weren't so damn creepy.
Yes, I've seen.
Creepy and ugly, though, are an unbeatable combination, and I think you want to be beaten.
Stop being creepy and we'll see.
I can't believe I was taken off the access list in #aq for banning him P
I think it's because he's smug but doesn't really know very much.
For example, It is impossible to prove that any man is good.
Only means what he was thinking in the rank vernacular, but he doesn't seem to know that.
The correct form would be, It is impossible to prove that some man is good.
I just /ignore people who start to get on my nerves.
You should too.
It's only polite to tell people that they're on ignore, too, so they don't get frustrated when they can't get your attention.
Ideally, I'd also be able to filter out all conversations in which the ignored people were crucial.
This ignore list is great!
IRC has sucked lately.
bc, Vladinator pretended to not understand my secret message.
That would be a bit strange of me to try to use the plain, literal meaning of a piece of English text as a secret messsage
I wasn't curious if Vladinator is keen.
I wanted to know if he is the keen.
I like kuro5hin.
happinesscontrol.
I'm a panty inspector.
Actually, I'm a systems analyst for a university.
I start on the 2nd.
Or analysis, for that matter.
I'm sure I'll still be a great systems analyst.
I'm quite pleased.
I was tired of being unemployed.
The poverty and boredom start to get to you.
Contacts, of course.
A friend and former coworke.
I do too.
I'll finally drop off of #1 on the #K5 stats.
I'm a little ashamed of that.
Worried about me?
Well, yes, I suppose so.
Being unemployed was bad, but then I got dumped, and kinda hit bottom.
Back to the top, though!
ubu, that's what happened to me.
Oh, it happened the other way around for me.
Is ennui employed?
Being black, it's a given that he has hos.
ubu, your turnaround will come soon.
I want to understand why ennui gets more of everything than both of us put together, ubu.
ubu, just a very little bit.
Maybe for one day.
I know, but I didn't expect to receive anything but mockery.
Many people around these parts wish me ill.
ubu, I'm staying with my ex while I look for an apartment in Seattle.
Is that stupid?
I'm not.
It's true.
It'll be ok.
It won't be for long.
Not to boast, but I imagine I'm pushing 200K hours smoke free.
ubu, definitely go along with ennui's scheme.
Everything the guy touches turns to gold.
But who writes good code?
It's just not important.
I haven't seen her since she dumped me.
This is going to really suck.
I'll be sure to tell you all about it, afterward.
I'd rather not have all of K5 mock me.
I'm going to.
I'm not in Seattle.
She's in Seattle, so is my job.
ubu, she dumped me.
If she wanted to be together, why did she dump me?
That's beyond twisted.
That's stupid.
Maybe we'll just become good buddies.
My ex abhors sex more than I, so nothing like that will happen.
She claims to just want to be friends.
Also, she owes me.
I got her the job she has.
ubu, sooth your soul with heroin.
I've never played casino war.
I've always been poor.
IHOP pancakes really aren't that good.
I've actually only been to IHOP once or twice.
What's IIOP?
Thank you, ubu.
I didn't think ennui was making any sense at all.
You didn't sit in a protocol, damn you.
I haven't seen $10 in months.
em, do you know where Cupertino is?
Do you know any metallurgists who live in Cupertino?
I'm trying to track down someone who claims to teach metallurgy and appears to live or work in Cupertino.
I know it is.
Got it.
bunny bunny bun bun
Nothin' 
bunny, my chin itches something awful
That's all, but it's miserable.
i just shaved
oh god
there was a lot of blood
i felt nothing though
is that good bad?
i dont know
too late bc
i cut my lip
what absurdity!
ones lip neednt be shaven after all
Hello, folks.
So this is where some of the wreckage of #adequacy washed up?
His defeat?
He didn't mention any defeat to me.
You did?
When was this?
I didn't even know he was allied with her.
Strange.
I thought he just disapproved of RobotSlave's impulsive banning of someone who wasn't being offensive, by channel standards.
What's the skinny?
We'd several chubby, moustachioed people in #aq.
Why the offense directed at her?
I'm just curious.
Never having talked to her much, I don't have an opinion one way or the other.
I'm sure I prefer girls with strong selfesteem.
Girls are overrated.
Son of a bitch.
Only if you might actually understand the specifications.
If you'd just read them and be wowed, them by all means, read on.
You look younger already.
I know I got here late, but what's the product?
You'll almost feel bad using it to photograph the hideously mundane, but what are you going to do?
Before you start doing that, could you take a picture of yourself in the bathroom mirror?
Scowl while you do so, please.
A photoblog is in order.
That's what I meant by photoblog, zikzak.
I can't be bothered with specifics.
Yet how it drags!
Thanks for clearing that up.
You wouldn't be looking for a disciple, by any chance, would you?
I'll believe anything, so long as it's cool, and my standards are ohsolow.
Oh, blow me off.
What are we talking?
I'll give you a grand, but no more unless you deliver.
I expect real enlightenment.
I was born propertyless in America's heartland, and I don't feel a bit bad for having relied on government assistance my whole life.
I have a right to exist, and I have to exist somewhere.
That's comforting.
Someday, the rich will be able to exile the poor to some godforsaken, barelyhabitable rock and feel a smug moral satisfaction while doing it!
Who will trim your hedges then, Rockefeller?
Keep in mind that robots are a pipe dream.
There will probably be genetically engineered selftrimming hedges by then.
That grow martinis!
At least he's not ashamed, on either count.
Why must you stop?
I have time stamps turned on.
I thought.
just maybe.
I don't know.
Poor lush.
alexa too, apparently.
The demon alcohol's grip is evident.
I don't know the answer to either question.
I feel disconnected.
I don't recognize myself from one day to the next.
I'm a transient, substanceless being, flitting from moment to moment.
Hey, folks.
The Fight Club fanboys ruined it for me.
I got tired of being told it was the greatest movie ever and have people quote it endlessly.
Even if I offer you alcohol to renege?
zikzak is worth more than a dollar, surely.
750ml of gin and a pint of milk, I figure.
Mead is disgusting.
I wonder if I'll give it to you in one container or two, zikzak.
Brute.
Hi, attackist.
It seems a bit obvious, but I'm so paranoid these days.
Haven't there been K5 stories about how the GPL is evil?
Oh, what happened?
Things are that bad?
I thought you loved each other.
Why is he talking about me.
Nonsense.
He hates me.
RobotSlave, surely you can find a little oriental to eat elsewhere.
Don't put the soup on a paper plate.
The problem with soup is that one needs to have a waterproof container in which to heat it, usually one made of metal.
Unfortunately, except for bullets, most metal objects are not disposable.
Nonsense.
Just purchase a souppowderer from WalMart.
Maybe it isn't.
I don't think the reconstituted substance is in fact soup.
We've been taken.
Hi, RobotSlave.
Ice cream and candy are unfortunately not yet available in your service area.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
You're rapidly becoming an object of pity.
Stop it.
Take a picture of your brownie.
You might want to place it on a piece of paper that reads This is not RobotSlave's brownie for authenticity.
That's a brownie, for sure.
Seeing that browning made me crave brownies, so I whipped some up.
Boy, are they delicious!
No, they actually taste great.
I'll take a picture.
What can I say.
A brownie is a brownie.
How's it going to look?
I use real plates and I do not wash them.
If I had a sofa, I would pile old newspapers on it.
Feasting is perhaps too mild of a word.
These brownies are satisfying my soul as they fill my stomach.
Well, you've heard of apple butter, I'm sure.
I'm sure you can do the rest yourself.
If you don't eat first, what are you going to throw up?
Don't get angry; get even.
Don't you have to get even first?
Damn damn damn!
Yes you did.
Oh well.
Everyone makes mistakes.
I didn't lead him here, actually.
Well, I honestly believed everything I told you, at the time.
I'm fine, now.
Sorry about the mixup.
Oh, settle down.
I did.
I hypnotized attackist.
He had no choice.
Do you really want to see?
Watch the dot.
You are becoming sleepy.
And so on.
It takes a while, and I don't like to spam.
Yes, when you awake, you will give me what you've been keeping from me!
Awake!
Maybe later.
You mayn't bed.
alexa, hello.
I suppose we could.
I am for another.
Sorry, alexa.
My for anotherness would be cheapened if I had sex with you.
Your selfserving, disingenuous argumentation is arousing me.
It's not my interest you have in mind.
I'm not sure I can approve of your infidelity.
Not only would you be cheating on your one, but you'd be cheating on your fantasy one.
That's quite the image, attackist.
alexa, I don't think names are important.
Clearly, you're having a moment, and any indiscretion now would be regretted later.
I suppose.
I prevailed, but why don't I feel victorious?
Wwell hey there, ol' woman.
Don't speak to me that way.
I still don't know your name.
Is that food?
You're not making a lick of sense.
Shame.
I've forgotten it already.
I mean, shucks.
Nobody's cheating on alexa.
He should take saltpeter.
He should masturbate into one of her socks, then.
Better, all of them.
He shouldn't.
Like I said.
Not for you!
pb is a right desperate horny critter.
Oh, I like you fine.
I really do!
I do, but only if you need to, and do it in the privacy of your own home.
Say to shower, or change clothing.
Nonsense.
I like you over there, is all.
But attackist, it's a cunning ham!
I can't get over it.
Pig flesh that plots.
Did you pawn your shoes for alcohol, alexa?
Maybe you shouldn't have two apartments if you can only afford a single pair of shoes.
I think the shoes you have look fine.
Really.
I have a pretty good idea, all told.
Like nothing at all, from here, and that goes as well with what you appear to be wearing as anything else.
pb, she has a blunt face, a fat body, cellulite thighs, an absurd outfit, and is a bitch.
Shoes are the least of her problems.
Your hair is unimportant.
Aww, but you're every bit as attractive with messy hair as you are with it styled!
I'm wondering about that boy.
Not on the phone, late.
Beanshell is a cute name.
How cute!
Oh, that's easy enough.
I don't think you disagreed with him.
Or depressed.
Perhaps he found religion.
Why on earth would he be ashamed of.
oh, the pot belly.
He lied.
I don't know what he said, but he lied.
He'll hate you for it.
He may not have slippers.
Texans often don't.
It's so brutally hot in Texas that slippers become quickly sweatlogged.
It's disgusting.
It's a bit canine, though, isn't it?
Dancing is lascivious.
Maybe you should reconsider.
She is, I suppose.
She was propositioning me most infamously just the other day, bc.
It was unnerving.
You do, and nothing bad will happen.
You have my personal guarantee that nothing bad will happen.
Women are naturally social with other women.
I dare say God made them that way.
alexa claims to want platonic male friends, but she always ends up sleeping with them all.
I think it's a case of nymphomania.
Although your theory seems correct as well.
Let's combine them.
She's a nymphomaniac pariah.
Well, why doesn't she get on with other girls, do you suppose?
She seduces their men!
That's enough to peeve anyone.
They were likely unattached.
I'd estimate it's around 65%.
30% are OK, and 5% are unbearable.
Right, and just about everyone can be gotten along with well enough, if not exactly enjoyed.
Most anyone can turn a joke or tell a story you've not heard before.
You've noticed that alexa seems like a less mature Jin as well, bc?
I think Jin is getting along swimmingly these days, so alexa should just give it all a few years.
You never did make your essence of tea.
Yet another broken bc promise!
Excellent!
How was it?
Is your tea essence for sale?
I wonder if tea essence would cure alexa's potbelly.
I can't imagine it wouldn't.
Or cure the cirrhosis that is bloating her liver.
I think tea essence could do that.
It would be good gag soap to give to unwanted guests.
Bathing in the fat of a moody Texan?
Takes all sorts.
I haven't either.
I imagine she would make good soap as well.
I wonder what would happen if one mixed neurotic Jewish soap with potbelly Texan soap.
I wonder if we're too hard on that poor girl.
But she gets upset.
She punishes herself enough.
You're too authoritarian.
She's just a hurting little girl.
Have a heart!
Patience indeed!
I'm exhausted from sheltering her from your schemes and manipulations.
Just the other day she was crying to me about how you had played games with her heart.
I know you don't want her heart!
That's the point.
You led her on, encouraging her affections, then cruely cut her off.
I am not!
She wanted you, and thought you wanted her too, as well you knew.
Evidence of what, exactly?
Well, that seems fair.
Here is one of her tears
Doesn't that move you?
Maybe you're too far gone.
Well, I'm getting sick of losing sleep over this.
I want you to fix matters.
She calls me almost every night and cries for hours.
I haven't the heart to get rid of her.
This isn't a trial!
It's a simple request to a friend.
I apologize.
Just please patch things up.
It is odd.
I'd like it to stop, but I'm too nice to say no.
You may have a point.
But she'll be left with no one.
You know, I can see the reason in that.
I'll cut her off, then.
You're a pal!
Have you ever wondered if there really is a boy?
I used to wonder.
I don't know if I should tell you this, but there's no boy.
In Spain, bc.
Well, Spain was invaded by African Moors, who doubtlessly brought trees with them.
To remind them of home.
The what is where now?
Yes, there's a bit of Africa in all of us, bc.
It's where our race originated.
Species.
Whatever.
The glaciers, you mean.
Europe was encased in ice for thousands of years!
Below.
Anyway, Europe is all built up, these days.
You've got your cities and your factories.
Like Paris.
But you said all the big cities are.
Yes it is.
I don't know if I'll ever be able to believe you about anything again.
You've lied too much.
You don't seem an idiot.
You profit too much from your mistruths.
When hunting, the dinner catches a bullet.
Ireland ber alles!
Doesn't that make you angry?
Even a little?
Absurd.
Dublin is a modern city.
Spokane?
Spokane is an ugly, dismal city.
Olympia is.
you know, I've been to Olympia several times, but I can't tell you a damn thing about it.
It's there.
Is Edinburgh remarkable?
I've noticed that every photograph of Seattle is taken from Kerry park.
It's not really very honest.
It is, and most of that isn't even Seattle.
Seattle is tiny.
Edinburgh has somewhat fewer people than Seattle, but apparently over three times the space.
Unfair.
That is funny, though.
San Francisco packs over 770K people in 47 square miles.
It's not.
American cities are tiny.
The country has no space.
Even New York city is smaller than Edinburgh.
Bottom middle is downtown.
That's just a filter.
Man, Europe is so cool.
I love Europe.
I kind of think of myself as a European who has been in exile since birth!
I am a European.
I can feel it in my blood.
I don't think there's anything from Europe that I don't like.
I'm sure they have a good reason, bc.
attackist, I don't have a ticket.
Well, I hate American music.
It's all overproduced, soulless crap.
I hate Radiohead.
They are British?
Well, maybe I'll pick up tickets.
I may not appreciate everything radiohead puts out, but I have to remember that I'm trying to understand European are with a mind stunted by exposure to American drivel.
kellet hates me.
Hemmingway was Spanish.
Is that what it is, bc?
Mostly it just seems that we abuse luisa when she's here, and wait for her to return when she's not.
No, I'd rather speak for you.
That's a lot o' love.
I am chastised.
I don't think stability is the determinant.
After all, I get attacked.
I really should get on the local schoolboard.
Someone sent me a ballot today.
This is idiotic.
attackist, for whom should I vote?
I don't see a hispanic fellow.
Kollin K.
Min spelled his name incorrectly, so he doesn't get the vote.
Judy Nicastro has Castro in her name, so she's likely a Communist and shouldn't get the vote.
Art Skolnik sounds foreign.
He's out.
Jean Godden's name takes the Lord's name in vain.
Robert Rosencrantz stole his name from Shakespeare.
The dirty thief is out.
That leaves Darryl Smith and David Ferguson.
I suppose I could write you in.
Do you want to be the City of Seattle Council Pos.
I can't imagine anyone else is bored enough to turn their ballot in, so you probably have it clinched.
I do remember, yes.
You just don't have the will.
To remember.
It's a shame Vlad hasn't visited us.
He's threatened to injure me repeatedly.
I'm a submarine!
I like cheese and crackers.
I tried European cheese once, and it was disgusting.
I guess that's the one place America has Europe beat.
Eh, I think I'm happy to stick to Kraft singles.
Yeah, sour and bitter as hell, I'm sure.
Leave it to selfhating Europeans to make cheese that hurts its eater.
What plastic things?
They're delicious.
Try one.
You just can't appreciate subtle tastes.
You have to have cheese that rapes your tongue.
EVERYONE STOP.
Stop fighting, please.
Nobody dislikes anyone!
We're all a big, happy family.
BIG AND HAPPY.
Shut up!
Everyone likes.
who the hell is Cliff Richards?
Don't do anything rash, please.
We weren't right about anything 'cos we didn't say anything of substance.
We were supposed to present a unified front!
Blackguard.
I could say the same thing.
I'd to think that.
I'd hate to think that.
Maybe the sensible thing to do is blame luisa.
You're kidding.
The sooner you start, the sooner you finish.
Lightweight.
Drink Miller High Life.
I don't think zikzak has actually had a Miller High Life.
Oh, that's different.
That's just plain ol' Miller.
I've drunk three Miller High Lifes Lives?
since this conversation started, and I'm feeling fine!
I should probably listen to more European music.
I will purchase some Abba over the Internet.
zikzak seems full of hate.
Disco was the music of fun!
What would you suggest I listen to, zikzak?
It must be European.
Classical is crap.
A shame you can't do it.
Can you channel my grandfather?
Aww, do I have to kill myself, or can someone else kill me?
His name was Horace.
Horace Maynard.
You're not channeling!
You're just asking questions.
GET ON IT.
If I'm not talking to gramps inside of a minute, you'll be talking to the dead a lot more intimatelike!
Don't get all huffy.
I need to ask him something.
He served in the Navy, bc, aboard the Alabama during WWII.
Excellent.
Will, schmill.
I want the last two numbers.
Ask him this 471322.
but then what?
We can't make it out!
Also, tell him this is Ronald.
And then?
There were two more numbers.
Fantastic.
Thank you!
I'm rich, suckers, and you're all doomed!
Yeah, he can fuck off.
That's what we always did, and for the same reason.
lluisa, hhow's the weather in Hhouston?
Hello, bc.
I'd be afraid to having something called bc in my home.
It would likely deceive and manipulate my loved ones, turning them against me.
I'm not as bad as Vlad; I'm worse.
Nobody has actually done anything to me, ever!
I have absolutely no reason to be paranoid.
Well, you can't blame me.
What do I care.
I don't care for Abba one bit.
I don't believe that.
alexa stopped by a bit ago looking for you.
Let's bake her a cake!
Hello.
I can't stop drinking.
But I can't stop drinking today.
I think it's the heat.
I don't feel guilty, no.
I've just been guzzling water all day.
I'll have some green olives.
As a kid, I hated green olives.
Do you eat haggis?
Not very coded.
Download it, quick!
Send it to Scotland Yard.
God save the Queen.
It's so hot!
I don't.
And it's 80 degrees.
I want to die.
60 is pleasant.
It's not sleeping time.
I am love.
Absolutely.
Those are hateful words.
Let love inside of you!
I hope you attended.
Orgies are one of my ways of expressing the embodiment of my essence!
Love and lust are but facets of the same whole.
Organization is also love.
Hate, however, is out.
I'm watching a screaming girl get chased around by a spider.
Spiders aren't usually explosive, are they?
Hi, zikzak.
Contemplative.
Keep half an eye toward the north.
No, not from Denver.
Expect an invasion from the far, bitter north.
The glaciers are returning.
I'm doing a cute li'l dance here.
Pity you can't see.
I don't own a web cam.
I'd be happy to purchase one, however, if you wired me one thousand 1000 dollars.
Boy, is this dance cute.
It's got a little clippycloppy tippytappy to it.
Much cuter.
No, it's not.
Do what I do when I'm bored.
I write sexually explicit short stories featuring me and whatever girl I'm interested in at the moment and then I send them to her!
It's fun!
It engages the creative impulse!
It's hard to prosecute!
Boys then.
No, no.
You want to fuck boys.
I can tell.
Bastards have parents.
zuul, dance.
Sorry.
All danced out.
Not a bot!
alexa is a dear little girl.
I'm really not a bot.
Nor a son of a bitch!
I miss alexa.
Last night, I hand wrote a letter to her, burnt it, mixed the ashes with milk, and drank it down.
Half an hour?
It's been ages.
I'm not following.
What would she do with a policeman's helmet?
That's absurd.
I would never make someone break the law to prove their love.
I'm plenty feisty.
No, it just shows that I respect the law.
You're thinking of the criminal.
You're stupid.
You're more stupid.
You could know less than nothing, and you do.
That sentence was just babble.
No, you're just too stupid to write someone coherent.
something
See, I made a typo.
IM NOT A BOT
Get me a piece.
Thanks, pal.
Why would you rather curse than bless?
Some people could use more blessings.
We don't need any more curses, really.
Use your powers for good!
What if you make a mistake and curse the innocent?
I don't see any problem with blessing the evil.
I believe good should be done toward all.
No, it's grace.
That's because your weak, human mind is petty and vindictive.
I'm not interested in balance if it requires an equal amount of bad in the world as good!
I hope you reconsider your rather childish position.
You've perverted God's Word to endorse your vendetta.
Jesus preached forgiveness.
You're not Jewish.
You'll just believe anything that you think condones bloodshed.
This conversation is over, though.
You're singlemindedly vengeful, and nothing I can say will change that.
A curse is fundamentally no different than murder.
No, I would give them a stern talkingto, then send them on their way, feeling contrite.
No it isn't.
No, I'm trying to make them feel good about their potential to be better!
He's right.
I don't think it's inaccurate to call the United States Army the Great Freedom Preservationator.
Yes, but it oppresses nonAmericans, thus giving Americans more freedom.
In all, it's a bit of a wash, I guess.
You deserved it all, I imagine.
Our Army wouldn't act unjustly.
Perhaps the Army was building your character.
Sorry, our Army is the best, so it gets to be called the Army.
We'll talk when your army has been on the winning side of two world wars!
Has it?
Not matter.
It probably hung on, taking pictures and congratulating American GIs as they killed Germans.
No matter
Mostly by friendly fire!
Yes, it's a dear little army, but it's still not the Army.
Sorry.
Why isn't that in the history books.
See, your army's actually accomplishments are so paltry that you have to fabricate some.
Look where the newspaper in question is, bc.
The American deep south.
It is, which is why the newspaper ran it at all.
They drunkenly expose themselves as well, bc.
Southern Baptists are just weird.
He's just an annoyance.
I think I was knighted as some point, but I lost the little certificate.
Is there a central registry to which I can write?
I will send a letter to England in the morning.
Speaking of User Friendly, isn't there a month called July between June and August?
Hi, darling.
It's true.
I'm not interested in anything.
By somebody has I assume you mean I have.
But it actually was you.
Stop trying to get me in trouble.
I didn't tell you that.
Are you confessing, then?
Not that it wasn't obvious.
Ubu can spell thorn.
It's true, he does.
If a piece of text has a misspelling in it, Ubu didn't write it.
Dear little RobotSlave was driven half mad by him.
On all counts!
I wasn't disagreeing with you.
Tomorrow is Wednesday.
Should I get drunk?
Of course not.
Which day was that?
Plus, seawater is delicious.
salinity
Tell me, cyndrekit, have you often gotten drunk in church?
Priests are right bastards.
One of my great regrets, though, is that I will never be the Pope.
I'm going to convert to Catholicism, then gather a following!
I will be one pope among several!
My left eye has a twitch in it.
Twitcherism?
I don't like getting hurt, though.
And I want to be rich.
I am a clone of Adam.
You're better off sober.
Well, shucks.
I jus' figgered 'n'all!
Is it a problem, though?
Is it really that expensive?
How much do you spend on booze in a month, would you guess?
That's small change, zikzak.
zikzak, do you want me to ship some cheap Canadian whiskey your way?
What's your altitude, zikzak?
There you have it, bc.
Nobody is going to ship anything his way.
He's on the Atlantic side of the Rockies.
He's stuck.
I'm surprised you know that, bc.
It's true, though.
I've driven into California many times.
The stop all the cars and make them queue up, and they go car to car asking what fruits and vegetables are being carried on board.
Apples, I know, bc.
They don't allow apples in.
Naw, they just ask.
One could easily lie, but they do reserve the right to do a search, if they're suspicious.
The Mail Tribune!
Oh, man.
I lived one town over.
Three towns, actually, but the two in between aren't worth mentioning.
From where to where?
Apples are cheap in California, though.
You wouldn't need to smuggle it.
The importation of certain fruits was banned to prevent the spread of fruit flies.
Wouldn't he feel dumb doing hard time for smuggling apples, though?
It's not fear of being stung to death?
They do kill, you know.
Because in the US, africanized is a scarier term than killer, and for good reason.
It's spelled with a 'z'.
I want to see you type a 'z'.
Anymore, a white guy is more likely to be raped by a negro than a white woman is.
That's the prison system for you.
And once again, homosexual rape kills the conversation.
That's impossible.
Marriage is consent to however much sex the man should desire!
It's implicit.
Too obvious to bear mentioning, really.
If you're ever short on mojo, just insult Vlad in one of the Vladinsulting diaries.
Scores of Vladhaters will mod you up.
I'm tipsy.
That was fast.
But then I'll be hungover tomorrow morning.
I actually kind of like being hungover at work.
Oh, I like lunch with my coworkers.
No, but they're fun and interesting.
But academia made you what you are, gave you what you have.
This hangover is anticlimatic, after all the work that went into it.
Present a unified front.
You've got some nerve, fuzzy fellow.
I'm going to start a weblog.
I may do that.
But only if it's free.
I'm sold.
I realized something.
I've written free software.
Hi, ubu.
It killed itself.
I also used to think outsourcing overseas was amusing.
I'm jobless, homeless, and broke because of overseas IT outsourcing!
Hells yeah.
I'm well enough.
I don't remember this either, or the skullfucking, for that matter.
Nobody here can remember jack.
Too much alcohol, I expect.
bc bought six mopeds.
One for him, and one for each of his girlfriends.
They moped about the Scottish countryside on weekends.
They were roller skates.
That would be rape.
Well, you would have to emphasize that the potential blower would not be harmed if he or she chose not to blow.
Otherwise, you're threatening to blow someone up for not blowing.
So the choice is either 1 blow me and neither of us are blown up or 2 don't blow me, and I am blown up and you are unharmed.
That's not rape.
Lot's of people claim all sorts of wacky things to get a blow job.
You can't threaten the potential blower or it's rape!
For crying out loud.
How much would you pay?
Even if the woman doesn't like it, you'll subsequently make a lawyer happy.
I guess it's a wash, really.
Hurrican Roy has a nice ring to it.
As bc tells it, you already owe me a pizza.
I'm inclined to believe him for obvious reasons.
bc wouldn't lie.
That makes even less sense.
I don't like pizza much, it's true.
Someone gave me some pizza today.
I smiled wanly, then slowly ate it, sighing heavily when I finished.
Thank you, I said.
I appreciate the pizza.
May I go now?
That's what she said, elby!
I cannot abide any foostuff that even vaguely evokes a foreign country, as pizza does Italy.
I eat raw vegetables.
That is all.
Absolutely.
Californiagrown.
Shut up.
Are you trying to get me to starve?
The last.
Hi, RobotSlave.
Something, for sure.
And soon.
No time like the present or the shortly thereafter.
Don't.
That places too much pressure on us to expedite the process.
We don't want you to die.
Some of us don't.
elby has a soft heart.
Nonsense.
You're never depressed.
Way too personal.
I'm going to smile and pretend we're talking about something else.
Elizabeth Taylor is buried in Seattle.
Ghandi is buried under the Nordstrom, just like he asked to be.
She makes a good case.
Supporting the President is easy, though, and doesn't get one in trouble.
It's the thinking man's choice.
All of you make the father of my teenage daughter uncomfortable.
You told us before I could guess.
I was going to guess 15, by the way.
Who is it, elby?
Like Thirteen or Something or Thirteen?
I have to ask because the former is a plausible name for a Fox show.
Zarathustra was a fraud.
Nobody ever got cancer from a session id in a get request.
Cancer.
A cancerous teen would likely be unspeakably delicious.
Cancer is sweet, tender, and full of vitamins.
You'd be stupid not to eat it.
Isn't there a big mall in Tukwila?
Can't go wrong with a big mall and a Target.
There's another big mall and a Target to the North!
We're boxed in.
Thank you for the baseball homoerotica.
Have two beers, elby.
I spend a fair amount of time singing nonsensical, obscene songs to myself.
I also have a tick in each eye.
They are not synchronized.
I also suffer from paranoid delusions, but they're infrequent.
Well, the Internet might be a good start.
Books.
What books?
I don't see any books.
Perhaps he wishes to learn about Christian eschatology.
No, it gets better.
It does not read so.
A lot of commas.
And comments!
A correlation.
Weird.
The article actually says, or something to that effect.
Is that is marginally superior to is because.
Be fair.
RobotRoy, did you read Left Behind or not?
I wasn't clear after reading your remarks.
It can't have been good, or you would've finished.
You can purchase this Left Behind The Kids Collection 3 Volumes 1318 
You've probably gotten us confused.
I'm usually elby.
Don't talk like that.
Even if it's true, it's a rude thing to say.
I don't think you should be doing something that you're ashamed to talk about.
Neither can RobotRoy.
Hello, our gayest li'l buddy.
Ugh, no, not homosexual gay.
Everyone else is depressed or angry.
So what's your secret?
So the secret to being happy is not having a secret to being happy.
Coffee shouldn't be sweet at all.
I'm a socialist, though.
It's true, though.
I want government to own the means of production!
What's not to like about socialism, really?
I'd love to be taken care of!
There aren't any gulags in Sweden.
I dunno.
I just don't want to die homeless on the street.
I don't want children.
Didya wear your novelty sombrero?
Auburn is full of cowboys, bc.
Cows still exist.
Some cowboys have both, yes.
Someone has to herd the cows, bc.
We have trained animals as well.
They're called cowboys.
There's a lot of space out there, bc.
If space can't have quantity, notspace can't have quantity more, so you're safe.
There's at least one space.
Seems to work.
I'm comfortable with however many spaces.
And we seem all the better for it.
That's a practical way of counting, bc, and I quite like it.
No sense in getting bogged down on the dead easy.
By thinking too much.
Anything will become profound and confusing if considered excessively.
I can't help but notice that encontrado has yet to say anything that compels conviction in the slightest.
I might as well counter with Actually, no matter what set of coordinates one chooses, absence will not be waiting.
Can you?
Actually, you're mistaken!
That wasn't really phrased as an attack.
Want to try again?
It's true.
I asked him about Benassi just the other day, and he was clueless.
By the other day I simply mean a different day than this one.
I'd grab some, per your recommendation, but I've been scared off of music borrowing.
And if it's good enough for the masses, it's good enough for bc?
Respect?
Appreciation, perhaps.
But respect is inappropriate.
Skepticism gets tiresome.
Let's just believe what others say.
I think you're angry at Britney because she's kissing Madonna and you're not.
I can't stand the stuff.
I don't see the problem.
I'm listening to Boyzone.
Don't be insecure.
It's just a bit of paper.
Of REM.
I Googled for that, by the way, knowing nothing of pop culture.
Because his girlfriend was ugly, bc.
He had inoperable intestinitis.
Can't say I think that of anyone.
Well, there are entertaining people and less entertaining people, and the latter aren't much, but I wouldn't call them horrible.
Well, no.
I just think that most matters don't warrant a strong opinion.
I feel strongly about many things, though.
Conviction gives rise to disagreement, and disagreement to conflict.
So yes, I feel strongly that what you call centrism is our only real hope for lasting social stability.
I'm not committed to democracy.
People won't reach a common ground in a democracy, even if one is possible.
A tyranny of the majority is inevitable, since the majority has no incentive to settle for a solution that is amenable to all.
I wouldn't talk in terms of rights, no.
I wish to avoid conflict, and a disenfranchised minority is liable to start a revolution, or some nonsense.
No, bc.
I think it's preferable to bring most everyone into the fold.
I expect there's some compromise that would be acceptable to most, and the rest?
Well, I'm pragmatic.
In the long term, though, I think it's important to discourage interest in political matters.
encontrado, interest in the structure and operation of the state.
I think we gave public participation a good run of it, and it just resulted in endless bickering and some wars.
An official opposition actually sounds like a good idea.
Malcontents are inevitable, and providing them with a safe playground until they grew out of their discontent would smooth things over.
Because people with property have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
I don't think it's a matter of intelligence, exactly.
The intellectuals use the working class to provide enough votes.
That's why the working class mayn't vote.
They're puppets.
I want to avoid a Grand New Social Scheme, but the one we currently have seems hellbent on promoting conflict at every level.
Night!
I'll tell you my hope.
It's geeky, though.
I want to put robots in charge.
I'm serious.
I think human history has made clear that we simply can't govern ourselves.
I'm not sure.
A robot that could adapt would be useful, so long as it was inherently and unchangeably opposed to radicalism.
I want to bring back corporal punishment, as well.
Wrongdoers, those who injured others, would be subjected to excruciating but nondamaging pain, then released.
No nonsense with prisons, allowing them to fester and plot, just a good, firm, Pavlovian smack.
Ah, but this will reform.
If the robots vigilant and consistent, then misbehavior will be met with speedy punishment, inevitably.
However, the person's life will not be disrupted substantially.
People will quickly be conditioned to avoid lawbreaking.
Even if it was just random from the offender's perspective, it would work.
I expect such a system could even get negroes to behave.
I wanna be somebody@robotslave.
Oh sweet fuck.
God damn fire alarm.
It's so loud.
And the building might be on fire, yes.
It doesn't appear to be on fire.
I wish people wouldn't pull the fire alarm when there wasn't a fire.
I have no idea.
If so, the humor was lost on me.
You're a drunkard, though.
Don't speak poorly of your own kind.
Watch out.
RS seems to hate moderates.
You're looking at the digital equivalent of daguerreotypes these days.
Sure it does.
He's talking about capturing and recording every photon!
10 years from now, today's film prints will look like a child's finger paintings.
Likely sooner.
Remember consumer digital photography a mere fifteen years ago?
I only listen to LPs.
Any medium can become damaged, but yes, I take care of my LPs.
I'd like more stuff.
A home theater system would be nice.
encontrado, it's possible to use Hotornot without admitting one's perversity to oneself.
See, atxada probably hasn't yet acknowledge to himself that he's deriving sexual stimulation from viewing photographs.
Exactly.
Takes the guesswork out of measuring one's arousal.
Scott had to die to protect that secret, and now it's on Hotornot.
You live in a quaint fishing village?
Does it have a castle?
How many castles do you own?
Their names?
You should have us over some time.
I'd like one that's connected via a secret passage to that of another guest.
kekeke
Applying is the most boring activity there is.
It's a cold, cruel world.
Paradise City is quite likely the best song there is.
Guns n' Roses.
Pirate.
And black heart.
Then why do you refuse the one who needs it most?
There are no absolutes here on Earth.
Like iced tea.
It's absolutely delicious, and I think I'll make some.
You haven't even tried it.
Don't be so judgmental.
Mint cheese custard is also delicious.
Whisky and Coke, though, is an abomination, 'tis true.
Tried what?
It's a fairly popular snack in the Northwest.
And Washington.
Nothing new under the sun.
The cheese is ricotta and cream cheese, by the way.
I don't know what you had in mind.
My stomach doesn't feel as good as I'd like it to.
Not recently.
I actually haven't eaten anything today.
I need someone to take care of me.
bc, find me a wife.
There aren't any these days.
I just want a nice girl who's not too ugly.
Homely is fine, but not laughably ugly.
That's not nice.
Where are their hearts?
Right, and what did you mean?
They're selfish and shallow.
But oh so sexy.
I wouldn't want a sexy wife.
No, not that either.
I just want a plain ol' person.
Oh man.
This iced tea is like really icy.
I mean, I've had some pretty icy tea before, but this is ice picked off a tea plant, or maybe the other way around.
It's sweet, too, 'cos I dumped like a bowl of sugar in it and some cream and lemon and maybe some other stuff.
Oh, but man is it good.
What better than syrupy iced tea?
I've had both, and iced tea is better.
What does that even mean?
But iced tea is not carbonated and it's unsweetened.
I don't know where you got that quote, bc, but iced tea shouldn't be sweet at all.
Iced coffee is common in the states.
What do you think Starbucks sells during the summer?
They do sell some of that.
You're not very adventurous.
How dull.
Really?
Beyond hohum I can't think of anything.
I've never died.
So only dull people live into their twenties?
Oh, right.
I'm still going to drink iced tea, though.
I even tried hot tea once.
Should I be ashamed that Cock Suckwood still makes me giggle?
In 20721 most recently.
Same thing that's been happening for years.
They're all crazy.
We should all get together for dinner sometime.
Oh geeze.
I can't stop drinking this stuff.
Who is Linda?
hahaha
Oh man.
What a chump.
The more pathetically Vlad and his crew act, the more I despise them and enjoy their suffering.
His stepmother posts to his crappy weblog.
On the one hand, the family togetherness is touching.
Apparently he's a wonderful father, though.
Who would've guessed?
Maybe being dumb improves one's parenting skills.
A champion what?
I've been mostly scared off.
I don't want to get sued.
So they're saying, bc, but it's just not worth the bother.
CDs aren't that expensive.
I wonder if limewire is available for download via limewire.
What, where?
Has he?
I don't believe that.
Does he have money to spend on lawyers for something so trivial?
It's interesting, though, that snaps taken from his webcam so perfectly illustrate these disgusting stories.
He doesn't say anything about lawyers in the former.
I hope Vlad doesn't sue me.
How do you know?
And I have my Trollaxor account to take all the heat.
He's just so rabidly aggressive.
It makes me shake with fear.
You think?
Was it you?
Bastard.
That looks pretty tasty.
Well, hey there, little buddy.
I saw that.
Don't look at me.
I actually didn't post any of it.
Althought I said everything attributed to me.
Justin is such a hunk.
Don't be a bitter man.
A bitter ol' grumpy man!
A huffy ol' bitter ball o' angrybaldman!
He's dreamy.
Anyway, your tumtum wouldn't be all owiewowie if you didn't drink so much booziewoozie.
Well, he had more money at age 22 than I will ever see in my lifetime, and I have to say, that doesn't bother me one bit.
Both do not bother me, \.
Why not work to better your lot?
I don't think you're being serious.
For a moment, yes.
Open up a command prompt first, and it's like having linux.
It happens.
I wonder what he was charged with.
A person is just a sort of computer, though.
If he packed himself in those cornstarch packing peanuts, he could've snacked the whole way!
Poor guy.
Should we buy him a new computer?
Jump straight to tearing the computer into little pieces at the slightest sign of a problem.
Oh, I wish that were my email address.
I wish em were here.
I wager he could tell me where to find mint soda.
It's just an expression.
Anyway, have you heard of such a product?
It fosters expectations you can meet.
I have never been in therapy, but I always thought it was just for people didn't have alcohol.
That's not shameful.
Many fun activities are shameful, interestingly.
Counsel \.
Was she a relation?
A friend?
A lover?
Did all end well?
Pardon?
Sucker.
The way I hear it, toor is an AV3 operative.
Filthy criminals, no less.
You're no less filrthy for it, alexa.
Filthy, filthy whore.
Driving under the influence of alcohol, usually.
Literally shat on?
You crazy Scots.
You and your common law.
I've had eight of my family members my father, mother, two sisters, a brother, an aunt, and two cousins killed by three different drunk drivers.
I approve of antidrunk driving laws.
But drunk driving is a crime.
So it makes sense for people to be arrested for it.
People are arrested, fined, and jailed for it.
It's a crime.
I don't know anything about Chinese law, but quite likely they were.
Don't pick on me.
I don't see that any political principle is more admirable than any other, so why not use what works?
I think we can both agree it's better to have one's own side in power than the other guys'.
You'd rather have your opponents in power?
Interesting.
I don't understand your question.
Political action of the sort I'm talking about is inherently human.
Music is gay.
I think melody is inherently homosexual.
Maybe some sort of African logdrumming would be the least gay music.
They're all dark and goth, yes.
Quite gay, if you ask me.
Stop pirating music before you get put away.
That's what they all thought.
What's to worry about?
Can you follow orders?
Fascism needs people who can destroy things while following orders.
Could you be conditioned to feel only one overriding emotion, absolute hatred for the enemies of the homeland?
If I had a child, a boy, I would have him castrated.
He would grow up huge and docile, and I would instill in him an absolute loyalty to me, and he could serve as a palace bodyguard.
Are you certain?
Stranger things have happened.
That's 16 years, bc.
I doubt ubu wants to be with this woman for sixteen years.
He tires of her already.
ubu is the sort to browse freely from life's buffet, flitting from woman to woman like a horny honeybee.
What do you know about American child support law?
Really?
I believe!
Hush, bc is a lawyer.
I want nuclear weapons to be used.
I've been waiting my whole life for someone to use a nuclear weapon, and I'm getting impatient!
I hate the antinuke crowd.
Nuclear weapons are so cool, and they're such killjoys.
Yeah, people running screaming through the streets while their faces melted off would also be sweet.
A meteorite would also be swell.
Or global warming that flooded our coastal cities.
Or an earthquake that pitched California into the Pacific!
We can only hope.
Tinfoil hats won't protect against a volcano, idiot.
Hi, cyn.
Also get some iced tea.
Let people like what they like.
Oh, those are called something else here.
I forget what.
You should have a child, bc.
Let's have a child together, bc.
I thought you were a boy.
I'm sorry.
Have a coffee, \.
That'll perk you right up.
Coffee is delicious.
I received an email from one Luisa regarding a wonder pill for my pen1s sic.
Anglos don't like Mountain Dew?
I suppose not, no.
Why doesn't he drink something he likes?
So he's forced to down Anglo swill out of poverty.
Forgive me, but that's worth a chuckle.
It got 5.
1/10 on IMDB, bc.
Rent it.
Do they have video rental shops in your area?
bc, no.
Or you could find a patron to purchase books for you.
You could grab Harry Potter.
You'd probably enjoy that more, all told.
You'll have Harry Potter in a flash.
You wouldn't understand, dear little bc.
I've spent the last four days trying to get X to work, to no avail, so I'm stuck with the CLI for now.
Pardon?
Doesn't one drink real ale, not feel it?
If I knew that, I'd fix it!
To tell you the truth, I'm using Windows, just like I always have been, and was trying to snag bc.
Oh, you like it.
In heaven.
Plenty about.
No, you love them.
I doubt it.
Bosh, plenty of boys pay attention to you.
And forever will.
Doesn't seem transitory.
You're always hungry.
America has failed if she cannot feed the least of hers!
There's only one way to settle this.
We all need to commit ourself to a mental institution and whoever is certified sane first wins.
I have a tic in my eye.
When talking about parsing, which is rare.
But yes, I have.
I don't think I've heard it.
I have an operative vocubulary of maybe 200 words, bc.
He wasn't in Nova Scotia.
I thought he was in western Canada?
I don't think you should mock a man for having ambitions.
There are too many shiftless layabouts as it is!
Anyone who wants to make more of himself is AOK in my book.
Why do you even feel the need to put others down?
What's twm, anyway?
The fucking dickhead window manager, I suppose.
Why do his antics bother you, chemicalnova?
Is ueberware.
org taken, alexa?
Anyway, what are you going to do with a domain name?
Maybe Jin Wicked would give you some space, alexa.
She already hosts a lot of that kind of stuff.
ueberware.
Ueber is German for cool.
Deutschland ueber alles, for example, means Germany has cool ales.
I would like a web site full of funny jokes and silly pictures.
It would make people happy.
No, attackist, because that's too mean.
Everyone would like my web site.
What ever happened to him?
Well, you know all sorts of things, attackist, and the question was more directed at the channel.
Don't be so defensive.
Why are you upset with rusty, chemicalnova?
No he didn't.
I'm honestly curious, though.
You seem quite angry with the fellow.
Please, no jokes.
You've railed at the fellow for half an hour now, and it's not the first time.
That's questionable, really, and many people don't follow through.
You don't rant at all of them.
What in particular did rusty do to you?
So you're upset with the management of popular geek web sites.
Alright, chemicalnova.
IT IS LOVE.
I swear that within a fortnight I will conquer Geneva and crown myself emperor of World!
I swear that this very night I will make alexa's boy a man!
By gum.
I swear that ueberware will be the first word out of my mouth to the next dozen people I see!
The EFF will sue him.
Rant, mostly.
I once created an army of mutant undead soldiers.
I conquered the known world and ruled ruthlessly for thousands of centuries until a small child taught me to value of love and I abdicated.
The world was plunged into millennia of chaos, though, by my release of power, and has only recently begun to emerge.
ask your therapist why encontrado is using his computer to punish himself.
You're confusing me with someone else, I'm sure.
Scroll up!
Scroll down.
STICK THAT IN YER PIPE AND SMOKE IT
Oh, you're such a grumpy old man.
It was a great story that many people enjoyed.
I don't know why you feel the need to upset people by putting them down.
There haven't even been 800 nobel prize winners.
I hate you.
I get a little confused every time bc says public school, even though I know what he means.
Exactly.
They're almost all minorities.
That's diverse.
I've taken to living on fresh water and fresh air.
You spell potato like Dan Quayle.
Hush for a minute.
I've been trying for two solid days to upset bc over nothing, but people keep interfering.
I'll get you.
When your friends encontrado and pb aren't around, I'll get you.
He's, like, so totally flappable, dude.
What he calls as vacant expression is in fact the look of beauty.
Leave it unconfigured, so if you ever need to sound like you're typing, but don't want to mess anything up, just pound on your meta key.
I saw Windoze at work.
I wanted to smack the fellow.
At least the basic keys work.
Maybe you should just settle.
You've still your vowels!
What honor?
It's a computer.
Increasing font size in Word is ctrlshift>
I don't think they did?
I have a 1 button mouse, and it's plenty.
Maybe you just subscribed to 500 porn lists, bc.
One shouldn't interfere with burglery.
It's best to let the police handle it.
What sort of scar would be impressive?
Scars are either caused by runofthemill surgical procedures, freak accidents, or stupidity.
That's true, encontrado.
I suppose I was wondering what sort of scar I would be impressed by, but zikzak isn't try to impress me.
Instead of trying to attract women with your injuries, you should simply become wealthy.
Become more wealthy.
Apply to be her pool boy, zikzak.
Get huge muscles, and a nice tan.
Buy one.
Bankrupt her family.
You're a descendent of maids and gardeners, but you're titled?
How does that work?
Oh, OK.
I knew there had to be more to the story.
No, no.
He's going to marry someone two stations above.
We can do this bc!
All that's required is a cunning plan.
Don't be broad.
Don't worry, ol' bean.
We'll get you a Lady.
Absolutely.
Just look how we, you know, accomplished all that.
ennui is good at doing things, or so he says.
Maybe we should enlist his help.
Just yesterday I was thinking about how much I missed Di.
They showed a clip of her on TV and I started crying.
I can't believe how mean chemicalnova is.
Not even a giant ape could drag Winslet's ass up a building.
You do not.
Well, bc, you've never show such an interest before, always prefering tiny little slips of girls.
Google's image search isn't finding me a suitably fat and ugly picture of her.
There are plenty of uglies, but they're all head shots.
You watched that?
No you didn't.
I don't believe you.
So you spent the whole movie trying to look at her ass?
You're disgusting.
What's the real one?
I hadn't heard the PC explanation.
bc, everything you like sucks.
I don't like all the same things you like.
I don't trust bc's aesthetic sense.
I have.
I thought it was a dismal, boring film and that then women in it were profoundly unattractive.
I've seen many movies that I've never mentioned to you!
No, I think you're confused.
Uh oh, that ominous colon.
I say 'til, you son of a bitch.
I do too.
You'll never acquire a lady of class and standing if you keep filling your mind with such filth, bc.
Yeah, I know, but I'm not above lying to try to encourage people to adopt my ethic.
I'm not even above lying to encourage people to adopt an ethic that I'm only pretending is mine to amuse myself!
Mine's Exile because I don't have an original thought in my head.
It works.
Then why not just say you like it but actually despise it?
Hello.
I sure am.
s great, thanks.
I was about to ask.
Good old PotatoError.
It was impossible not to like him.
Your URL doesn't work, zikzak.
zikzak, use spool.
spool filename
select column from table;
spool off
Actually, I've never used MySQL, so I answered the question assuming you were using Oracle.
It might be the same!
That's like FoxPro.
Hire a teenager to do it.
Some gin and milk to sooth your troubled mind.
Like autism or botulism.
I dislike minds.
I think I'll join you.
I mean.
I'll join you!
heh heh
I don't see how you can become mixed up if you haven't a mind.
Unless he's means as an egg gets mixed up in a bowl, and that's just confusing.
Well, attribution is impossible, since you haven't a mind, so I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.
In America, waves on water are made of oil and garbage.
It's a real shame.
foxes.
And by fox I mean sexy woman, not small furry animal.
But how would a brain be serviced?
Can the cerebral fluid be changed?
Is that a good idea?
I think I'll quite that line out of context.
I need servicing as well.
A pussy in blunter terms.
I'm reformer.
I'm a Reformer.
No, I read that incorrectly.
I'm a Thinker.
I knew there was a mistake!
My second two are tied, Reformer and Helper.
It helped me know myself better.
em seemed too frightened to even answer one question.
I suppose it's lucky that he's seeing a therapist.
Your criminally unlicensed telly.
What are you talking about?
No, he's bringing a professional in.
It's consistent with the pattern of disdainful, condescending behavior he's exhibited.
We're the rabble, the masses.
No sense in selfreflection for us, since there's nothing to see!
Well, what can you do?
I don't let it bother me.
Well, bc, that's not quite true.
We're cookiecutter people, stamped from a mold.
If you want to learn about yourself, just watch the TV, or a Hollywood film.
It's only the truly unique, the geniuses like em, who warrant individual study.
I think you're the bumbling romantic.
So, just keep doing what you do, and after some harmlessly amusing hijinx, you'll find a girl and fall in love.
It just wasn't in the cards.
bc, you are ruled by your base instincts!
You are a glutton, a drunkard, and a womanizer!
I don't think there's any contradiction.
Well, sure it is.
Then you can be cleaned up by a woman, and that's romantic.
Hi, peanut.
Try again?
I say he's a bumbling, drunken, womanizing, gluttonous romantic.
alexa isn't disagreeing with me.
Because of all the drunken womanizing, I imagine.
No, I don't think so.
Confess your sins, and you will be forgiven.
I thought all Irish were Catholic?
Remind me what you are?
Wales is almost as funny as Turkey when one's in grade school.
Quit doubling up your 'd's.
Two 'd's is pronounced like 'th'?
Welsh sounds impossible.
What's that?
I would callously pronounce it lanali, in a nasal voice.
And you're Welsh!
My CD case seems to be full.
This is unfortunate!
Where would our teenagers work?
Well, your teenagers can take a train to France.
It's only a few hours.
We have too many teenagers.
France would be overcrowded.
I would like some french fries.
bc, do you suppose alexa is worth a personality evaluation?
I think you're right.
It makes me uncomfortable that she can read what I type.
Laying it on a bit thick there, don't you think?
Would you say that you love her?
I'm sure she wishes better for you than that.
alexa, what are your wishes for bc?
You should've asked him to prove himself, alexa.
I don't see how that's cruel at all.
I've never been cruel to you, or to fair alexa.
I don't recall the incident.
Nice work.
You drove her away.
I'm pretty sure you did.
Don't you think it's a bit degrading to obey a woman?
What if she wanted you to have an identity of your own?
There are better ways to get some tail, bc.
You want some sweet booty, and you're not going to get it this way.
No, in this context, booty is ass, or more broadly, sex.
Not just any ass.
Let's go.
LET'S DO THIS.
Perhaps, but I am enthusiastically accepting you now.
O alexa, don't you cry to me, or I'll come on down to Texas and abend you o'er my knee!
Nonsense.
There are too.
Anglophile.
When you actually pay attention, you notice pretty much everyone is ugly.
Women do.
They'r so goddamn picky.
Can you shoot lasers from your eyes, bc?
It's a wonder you're still employed.
Buy yourself a brief respite of responsibility and focus.
I am the bluebird of happiness.
Are you the real rutsy?
I'm still arguing about those stupid DNS records on K5.
I'm stubborn.
I disagree.
If DNS says that nfjdlslkdsf.
com resolves to 64.
11, then I'm breaking the standard if I filter that out.
You're not allowed to simply ignore DNS records you don't like.
Do they write at all?
beep beep
beep 'n' beep
ergghh
My head.
Nutty meats vs.
meaty nuts.
Goes the sheep.
I thought he played a ukulele.
Castro got hundreds of millions of people banned from an entire country for decades.
That's pretty sweet.
There are worse places to make a mess.
Is it dangerous?
If it's a hobo spider, it could cost you an arm.
Kill it!
It's going to attack you from above.
It will leap on to your head and inject poison into your brain.
You would possess all the powers of a hobo.
And immune to your own stench.
Movie.
Only for snobs.
And you were banned, fool!
I have no idea, honestly.
I was speculating.
I wonder if a Google search for most obscure rock band would perform as hoped.
Google is supposed to put the best results first.
Or anywhere else.
A truly obscure rock band wouldn't have even heard of itself.
No, they would rock, but they just wouldn't know it.
Well, no.
I'd know about it.
Reading the word 1984 in that diary makes me want to post, Wow, can anyone say 1984?
to the Ebay story.
sober/drunk
Yeah, that was real subtle.
I should hope not.
Everett is closer to Seattle than it is to any other city with an MLB team.
Well, there are the farm leagues, are they called?
Something like that.
Farm teams.
They're professional.
No, I'm thinking about the professional teams in smaller towns that play against each other, from which the big teams scout talent.
No, because the small teams don't ever play the big ones.
The small teams only play other small teams.
And it's not national.
The ones in the Northwest only play other teams in the Northwest.
This is a business, Passion_Fruit.
The business of baseball is show business, or something like that.
Please.
This isn't a romantic fantasy.
The tiny teams could never beat the big ones.
Imagine the tensions when Cuba beat the US.
It would be like the USSR vs.
the US in the Olympics all over again.
I miss the Cold War.
I also think it's a pity that Germany gave up after two.
Third time's the charm, they say.
As conquests of Europe go, that one didn't really get off the ground.
That's true.
They had quite a run.
I hope to see a global government in my lifetime.
It would be headquartered in Europe, likely.
Geneva sounds perfect.
And the rest of the users.
Some of them are.
I don't think it was AIDS, though that would've been a lot funnier.
Curiously, it says Fictional CMF Audit Committee on his birth certificate.
People with consciences don't steal tens of thousands of dollars from Internet suckers.
I imagine he's upset with himself.
Letting the undesirables take over ruined K5's potential as a cash cow.
I think Passion_Fruit should buy us iPods.
Right.
Well, I'm not hungry at the moment.
Possibly.
I don't see what it matters to you.
But you're loaded.
How's that?
I'm not asking for money.
I'm asking for an iPod.
I'm willing to take that chance.
It's my character that's at risk!
It should be my call.
An iPod, not money.
What if I do my chores first?
Damn you, Passion_Fruit.
I just felt like doing some damning, and there you were!
I don't think I actually have the authority to damn.
I hope I don't.
If I do, I'm in trouble.
Even if Passion_Fruit is damned, it won't be clear that it's my fault.
And make new ones.
Which would doubtless be fixed next release.
Oh, on the computer.
I hate the holes that are on top of a lumpy hill.
I'm sure we'll all be happy to fetch you any web pages you need, encontrado.
I'm talking about real minigolf, Passion_Fruit.
If a teenage girl's hole will already accommodate a golf ball, she's going to be a sideshow by the time she's thirty.
I've got the ain't got no pizza blues.
Sure, alexa, if you'll make me pizza.
Excellent.
It's not really very nice of you to pretend that the CMF is real.
No tens of thousands of dollars bilked from suckers, either.
I think the real CMF still has the edge.
He won't do it, Passion_Fruit.
Right.
ubu would put together an AlterCMF in a flash, and it would kick ass.
Oddly, chemicalnova, you're the only person who blames rusty for everything wrong with the world.
I'm rusty.
What way is he?
Gary Coleman, Passion_Fruit.
I wish I could vote for him.
He is.
Aren't our local politics in the UK's newspapers daily?
Wipe him, ct.
Wipe that fucker right out.
bc had the courage to strike the first blow in what should've been a glorious war to actually ban Vlad from the Internet instead of just harrassing him, but nobody else had the balls to keep it rolling.
Cock Suckwood is great because it doesn't sound anything like his actual name, but you immediately know what it means.
ct, you should delete any comments critical of encontrado's article.
Who'd he give it to?
Vlad has principles.
I admire that.
Too many people have none, Passion_Fruit.
I think fucked up principles are better than none.
No, he knew he wasn't punishing rusty, but himself.
Nonetheless, he decided that he didn't want his business associated with a successful media foundation creator like rusty.
Vlad put his money where his heart is.
So he's poor but honest.
I think Vlad should be on the CMF board.
He's an asset to any enterprise.
He's rich in spirit and finances.
He knows when to give advice and when to hold his tongue.
Now ban Vlad or suffer the wrath of the AVL.
The AntiVlad Legion, of which I am the appointed director.
Would you like to donate?
85% of our revenue goes directly to tormenting Vlad.
We're one of the most efficient nonprofits out there.
Our goal is to torment Vlad.
We'll be done when he's dead.
Correct.
We don't wish death upon him, but he's mortal, and once he's dead, we clearly have to stop tormenting him.
That's all I meant by my above remark.
How many children do they have?
Does he actually have sex with her, or is some other technique employed?
Damn it, bc.
You're going to get me killed.
Then it's not law and order.
alexa, write a letter.
Does the other side have windows?
Oh, you answered that.
But who ever does.
I have a poor sense of direction.
I'm facing.
nope, I have no idea.
It should be to me, alexa.
And it should start, Dear qpt, and end Sincerely, alexa.
Why not?
Have it be a public letter.
A public letter to qpt.
Oh, but open letters tend to be gloriously pretentious.
So mix things up a little.
OK, new idea.
If you write the letter, you'll know where to send it.
Deep in your heart, the answer will come.
I'm upset.
I haven't any bananas.
banana is fun to type, though.
banana banana banana banana
Stop calling me that or you will be punished
I will punish you nonetheless.
Are you willing to try me?
Are you adequately intoxicated?
Maybe you should try filling it with something other than alcohol.
Say, carpentry.
The Sean Connery movie?
Wait, I'm thinking of Xanadu, and Sean Connery wasn't even in that.
How do those things replace alcohol?
The bank cards bring us into the future; they don't replace alcohol.
They don't leave a man broken in the gutter?
Maybe, but it won't really last all that much longer.
If you want to wait it out.
God helps those who help themselves.
That's a defeatist attitude.
That's the spirit.
Anyway, plenty have it worse.
Take alexa.
please.
God, I love myself.
We're all really centrists, you see.
I'd like to go to bed, but I don't want to put this CD down.
aughh!
Er, false alarm.
I'm fine.
Everything's fine.
Olympia has the state government.
No, it's a lot.
All the palaces and government building.
The royalty, of course.
He likes chick flicks now.
I conjecture that Passion_Fruit is dating a geek.
I can't think how else to explain a grown man pirating chick flicks from the Internet.
I don't really like films.
Anyway, Passion_Fruit, why are you watching American cinema?
You're European, you should be enjoying the far more sophisticated and artistic films of the continent.
You're an embarrassment to Europe.
Of course you're European.
You were born in Europe, after all.
Scotland is in Europe.
Britain is part of Europe.
That doesn't matter.
The Japanese are still Asian, you know.
Oh for god's sake.
Thousands of Americans would die to be European!
You should be proud of your European heritage.
Well, Europe is too good for American film, and you're better than Europeans, you must be way too good for American film.
That's a lie.
Is he the first?
And he does.
That sounds tasty.
That'll kill it.
Also, my head hurts.
My head?
mami is weird.
Can you still post as KTB?
You ought to, just randomly at some point.
It would be a fun bit of retro.
What a bastard he was.
Sulla didn't even last a day, as I recall.
I would tell.
Since I want to be insane, and all.
I don't own a radio.
Is the online stream the same?
Sometimes whole groups of Africans.
It's a jazz history lesson!
I think it's fun.
No, I'm really not at all.
That's not jazz.
I want to learn what happened to the Africans after they built America.
I'm not sure I know who Mr.
Hogan is.
Nobody.
So I think Mr.
Slocomb a.
Duck is just jealous 
Why Passion_Fruit, anyway?
So you didn't pick it because you knew my mother died choking on a passion fruit?
No, and I made that up.
Because I can't stop lying.
You are being punished for your sins.
Trolling people until they cried.
His fables spoke to a deeper truth!
No, you just infuriate and confuse.
What did alexa learn of herself when you trolled her ruthlessly with your false professions of love?
You claimed to love her.
Yet you're marrying another.
Or was that another lie>
I can't imagine she would.
She's always favored you!
I'm sure she was just shy.
Look at this, from just the other day
alexa> do you know what would be super fabulous?
qpt> Sure do.
The Seattle Seahawks winning the American Football World Cup.
alexa> no.
if bc would love me
It's not.
I promise.
No, that wasn't me.
I have a shared IRC line, and sometimes my calls get mixed up with other people's.
He did not, did he?
Hot diggity.
I gots to get me a copy of this video.
Can you hook me up?
I don't.
I want this video, and you're going to get it for me.
I think you'll have better luck.
Well, I don't want to see that.
Or the urinating.
That's revolting, actually.
So just get me the bathing bits.
How's your story doing?
Europeans will vote anything that criticizes an American up.
That J2EE was the platform of the future?
Hi, alexa!
Passion_Fruit, now's the chance.
Well, even better.
How can I get a copy?
You are horrible, pf, but that's only a minor strike against you.
God damn it.
I'm reading Slashdot.
It's great.
Hi, flks.
Folks.
I hate you all.
Except bc.
Why would I?
I've no reason to.
I don't have any empty rage at all.
But I love just about everyone, bc.
I'm just too kind and gentle, I suppose.
Perhaps.
That didn't make much sense, bc.
I'm tired, but hungry.
I don't feel like getting up.
I think you misunderstood me.
Naturally.
I wish I had some speakers.
Since my heart is innocent and pure, I sleep well.
Yes, the drugs.
dooty dooty dooty doo
Er, hhhello!
Heya, folks.
You mean Micro$oft.
Or Micro$haft.
Cock $uckwood
Go on and put postfix on his servers.
What's the worst thing that could happen?
I'm sure it'll be fine.
Do a favor for your old friend.
Don't worry about your nigger fashioning makeshift shovels out of odd pieces of wood and digging an escape tunnel under the bars of the cage.
Niggers never invented the shovel before and they're not about to now.
It's funny 'cos it's true.
I can vouch for Down With Love.
It's a fine film.
Well, that best characterizes the Eastern European's fantasy.
Like Hollywood's sex and violence corresponds to an American's fantasies.
Not including that marvelous war documentary shot there.
It was a straighttovideo release even.
Learn esperanto with me, zikzak.
But would you rather speak English?
That works.
This country is going to be destroyed by a volcano in one of those national parks that start with a 'y'.
Yellowstone?
It will detonate with the power of a half million hydrogen bombs.
The explosion will be so powerful that it will hurl million ton rocks free of the sun's gravitational pull, creating new, wandering planetoids!
That's a madeup country
But it was madeup by people willing to blow themselves up over it.
If Tallosa starts exploding people, I'll pay attention.
I think you need an army.
Sealand?
The Vatican has an awesome army with halberds.
The United States has two armies, actually.
It has the regular army, but also the Kiss Army.
Did you not notice where he said that no armies are not nations?
Oh, if you put it like that, the Air Force is an army, and they'll beat you up if they hear you say that.
Is that legal?
Well, I hope the matter gets worked out to everyone's satisfaction.
Yes, but the gravitational force of the two halves passing on opposite sides of the earth balanced.
So the net effect was zilch!
It's close enough.
There were probably some slight tides, yes.
Maybe an extra foot or two.
A lot of people seem to, but it wouldn't, so there you go.
It wasn't only 400 miles.
Imagine being stuck 400 miles away from your loved ones.
Yeah, it's a long way, isn't it?
You can love me.
We're not married, so no.
When I grow up, Imma gonna marry alexa.
I will, but I won't swap you.
No, I'm being quite honest.
I wouldn't swap you even once.
I know what I said actually, I've forgotten, but moving on, but you have to understand that I was trying to protect us both then.
I do want to marry you and I always have!
My future wife is being difficult, Passion_Fruit.
I wish I typed with a lisp when drunk.
I want it to come naturally.
I use my computer to listen to music, and I don't like it to be interrupted.
I would hate that.
I'm so much fun.
See that bold?
I'm wet.
And I'm on board!
Let's make your vision a reality.
Great.
Do I get paid?
I don't want money.
You know what I want.
But how much money would that cost?
We won't get that much from an IRC enhancement.
Passion_Fruit, you don't know what it's like living like this.
I can't eat, and I can barely sleep.
All I can do is think about her!
I just don't know.
I guess I should get busy making IRC noisy.
Like what?
Give me an example of what you've gotten.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhgggggggggggggggggggggg
Trollaxor just msged me.
I can't get involved in this.
I don't wish to be recruited!
It's antiVlad 8gold, dear zickery.
8gold
I neeeeeeeeed alexa.
She's my weak point.
I want to emphasize that.
You want to get to me?
Use alexa.
Who could refuse an offer like that.
She's tormenting me.
They contain cyanide.
The distinctive taste of apple seeds and raw almonds is cyanide.
Butter clogs my veins.
Why are you such an angry man?
Aww hell, momma didn't love no one.
But that doesn't keep Passion_Fruit and me from being bright and sparkly.
How is it?
Why didn't you watch it?
Masturbate, feel a moment of joy.
Anyway, unzip your pants right now, take your penis in your hand, and pleasure yourself!
I'm drunker than you.
Oh, I'm pretty damn drunk.
She's gone.
God, I miss her.
That I don't really want!
What nerve.
I'm not.
I crave her.
Don't hurt yourself.
I made a channel #alexa in which I say everything I wish I could tell the real alexa.
Didn't I?
Hi, Passion_Fruit.
Any word yet?
Don't tease.
You forgot.
Oh well.
Keep on plumpin'.
I'm not Vlad.
Someone is going to tell him what alexabot is one of these days.
I wish I had an alexabot.
A place to keep on plumpin'?
Plump.
I've decided to love BBWs with all of my being.
Why not?
I'm tired of fighting myself.
I've seen how reviled fatlovers are, and I was hesitant to expose myself to that kind of abuse.
Night.
I'm a little worried that it'll get out of hand.
I wouldn't want to find, say, reza attractive.
But you're safe.
No shit.
Don't take ROMs from strangers, stupid girl.
Quit trying to get ubu not to kill me, you meddling fool.
m older'n you.
You're not very far into the movie.
If you're irritated already.
I like to quit when I'm weeping with rage and frustration.
It's an open standard.
You've hated me for a while now.
I don't see how it concerns you at all.
Duty, eh.
He didn't do any harm.
Anyone with so little use for their money that they would give it to rusty would've just pissed it away regardless.
Well, K5 used to be part of the OSDN family of web sites, and now it isn't.
And what did he get for his trouble?
I job flipping burgers.
He was their very own real technology and social pundit.
They also had freshmeat?
Or something like that.
They still have the forge sites as affiliates.
And linux.
And thinkgeek!
I'm Dylan, and I live in Saskatoon Saskatchewan, Canada.
I have a nice day job where I get to interact with many people.
They're dear.
Weep with rage, ennui.
It'll make you feel better.
One has to be willing to drop some real money into computer gaming to keep up with the hardware requirements.
Can't these people afford a copy of Windows?
I, perhaps naively, assumed they were.
But yeah, they just grab them off the Internet.
Case fans.
They're not all the same?
Hello, dear girl.
Wrong window.
Fuck up.
He'll crawl into his cave soon to settle in.
I wish I never had to stop listening to def leppard.
And I wouldn't, if someone would buy an iPod for me.
It's not possible, actually.
Martin Luther as a WMD.
There's a bad joke in there somewhere.
Passion_Fruit has a point.
The headline reflects exactly what actually happened.
I think only people eager to critically misinterpret it would be so prone, em.
That's what I thought.
I didn't think eek, WMD!
when em first pasted the headline.
And it certainly would say that had such weapons been found.
I wonder how em would've written the headline.
Beer should taste as much like spring water as possible.
I don't ever drink vodka.
Almost as tasty as a good rum in coke, Passion_Fruit.
But less expensive.
Hence rum's unpopularity.
Of course, Scottish Coke is very different than American Coke.
American Coke is almost clear and tastes like walnuts.
I wish it were cold enough to drink tea here.
It's 25 here.
Have you notice that culture is inversely related to mean temperature?
In really warm areas, such as Puerto Rico, the people are almost subhuman savages.
Cold weather drives a man indoors, forces him to be with his fellows, and consequently, he has to learn to get along with other men.
The warm months have to be spent stocking food for the long dark.
All winter it's a frenzy of work to maintain his lands and holdings from being eaten away by the cold and storms.
I harvested one 1 ton of wheat.
Ohio isn't southern.
It's midwest.
Most everything is at least.
There used to actually be civilization in Africa.
And southeast Asia.
And India.
You're right, though.
It moves north.
We do need a new cultural center.
Capitalism and democracy simply have to go.
Capitalism is responsible for commoditized culture that caters to the masses!
OK, I'm convinced.
Civilization hides our naked animal nature.
That's why it's a mantle.
A good analogy should work however which way it's cut.
It is a shield!
Civilization is our protection from the death flooding out of Africa.
No, just the products of civilization.
Complex mechanical devices like guns and tanks require civilization to produce, but guns and tanks are not themselves civilization.
Africans are cavemen who have been given the trappings of civilization and now think they're civilized.
You haven't noticed em's virulent anglophobia?
He's filled with hatred because he look at himself, his position, his education, and his ideas and he realizes that it's all been given to him by the West.
Without the West, he'd be a poor farmer struggling to feed ten or twenty crying brats crawling in the dust.
By killing whitey?
For the person from uncivilized region, hatred must define their nationalism, since they can have no positive pride in their people's accomplishments, since there aren't any!
Passion_Fruit, though, can be proud of what the Scottish people have done.
Passion_Fruit, it's all you have if your people are living in mud huts, picking at the dust.
The western hemisphere had thousands of years to pull something together without Europe's intervention and it managed jackall.
Isn't rats jewish?
Ah, hence survive and tradition.
Even though they would blow her up, given half a chance?
People don't understand that decency, forgiveness, and charitableness aren't human traits; they're western traits.
So people like rats, who have grown up in the west, except, say, the Palestinians to be OK people by Western standards deep down.
They're OK people, I'm sure, but they're not Western.
Why was she in Palestine?
But I don't like punk vegans either.
And you can't say traditional Arab dress doesn't offend Westerners, 'cos it does.
They could have anything under there.
You assume they're women.
I'm sure criminals get around that way all the time.
Nobody would suspect a thing.
It would be a PR nightmare.
Americans prefer to look guttertrash.
Use 2s.
Everyone uses 1s.
By him or by everyone?
He's infringing my copyright.
Or copywrite, according to the Slashdotters.
I love that one.
You'll get your account anonymized.
Absolutely, Passion_Fruit.
drduck is RS.
You just confessed.
So tell us, do you use a script?
no, you're drduck.
You're wrong, and you're a communist.
I like the photograph of infinitera ogling mentots.
Yes, that stung.
Anyway, it was a collection of photos from a K5 meet, and there he was, staring at her breasts will she talked to someone.
They should've gone.
He doesn't look very honest, at the least.
I zeroed it.
0 was the only option left.
America is too fat.
That fatloving community suffers from vicious infighting over the question of too fat and just how fat is it.
Let's not get into a stupid, pedantic fight about what constitutes a community.
The group of people who band together around their common love of and lust toward fat people.
Anyway, I could never appreciate a woman who couldn't fit in a standardsize coffin, but perverts like Vlad claim to find five hundred pound behemoths attractive.
Why would anyone need to be buried in such a coffin.
A good mortician could fix that.
Morticians don't talk about saws.
They talk about readjustment appliances.
170lbs.
Also, a person can come back as both a ghost and a zombie, right?
Well, his wife isn't much taller than that, and she's over 300.
Is she?
Maybe she's not that fat, then.
I just made up that number.
Let's ask him!
Getting caught up there, encontrado?
Mars, it appears.
Oh, Vlad lives in the American midwest.
Just post a K5 diary asking, Passion_Fruit.
Also, I think txr can IM him.
vlad@lrsehosting.
bbwa1969 was his AIM at one point.
PF, why doesn't encontrado believe in anyone?
I tend to believe everything I'm told.
It's easier that way.
I prefer the air of childlink innocence it gives me.
childlike
What has pedophilia to do with it?
I like typing the names of coworkers into google groups.
Well, go on and AIM him.
You're on right now.
Nobody hacked your account.
You brat.
Nobody says kno whut.
What day of the week is it?
Great.
But one that has killed more than a few people.
I'm tired of white and blue.
That would look nice.
I'm not really a graphic designer, but K5 looks so dull.
I don't want to choose.
I want to be given a single, aesthetically pleasing option.
Didn't I just say that I didn't want to choose?
Why is it still so hot.
God hates us.
Nobody should have to be the worst team ever.
I'm not all that thrilled about the idea of winning and losing in sports, really.
You're typing in the wrong window.
I'm so helpful.
Go to hell, bitch.
MostlyHumorless, maybe.
It was a good year.
El Nino and shit, you know.
I don't know why you even go in there.
Oh, if you're having fun, then.
Sex, you mean.
Why does he have to be so damn gay.
He's a militant, loudmouth faggot penislover.
Nobody would tolerate someone who was as straight as he is vocally gay.
No, mostly you told about hitting on crossdressing videogame characters, that sort of thing.
If you weren't so cruel to LittleZephyr, you might be able to get her in here.
Nobody that age is.
Ask her for a picture.
It'll seem creepy, but you already seem creepy.
Knock yourself out.
The most famous detective agency in the world is named after your nation, Passion_Fruit.
You ought to be an ace.
She really wants you.
Hello.
Even hell burns more coolly than your black heart deserves.
I don't grudge your sibling his cruelty in the least.
You hurt my feelings.
alexa didn't say that, even, and you're drunk.
My IRC breathalyzer says soused.
Anyway, accusing me of having no feelings is just a copout on your part.
Oh go to hell.
Thanks, good buddy.
I thought I'd try the phrase out, see if I like it.
Well, no.
You made me feel selfconscious about using it ingenuously, so now it will be relegated to the bin of phrases used exclusively for ironic effect.
Oh, I read that.
It's actually quite good.
You're almost as bad as alexa, and that's saying a lot.
Kiloword means a word composed of a thousand other words.
Kilowords only occur in German.
He's also probably #jism's unhappiest.
Who else?
Well, em is never happy.
He'll win next fall.
It will be glorious.
I wish the US would develop robot soldiers, drop a few thousand nukes on China, and invade.
I really just want robot soldiers, and China seems as good a target as any.
It's OK to not be a power, as long as you're independent.
I don't want to have to learn to speak chinese in order to talk to my masters, though.
He drinks himself to sleep every night.
We should get him to AA.
He could still turn his life around.
I didn't want to hurt him.
He is destroying himself, it's true.
That's absurd!
He'd manage to drink anyway, and be unable to find employment.
What's the circus going to do with a man who hasn't any arms?
It's not possible without arms.
Don't chop his arms off.
Let's just have a mad psychologist condition him to be averse to alcohol.
A sane one wouldn't do it.
They have a code of ethics.
Psychologists aren't allowed to condition people against their will, despite what many people think, but there you go.
Into the whats?
No he isn't.
He's just drunk and depressed.
Many people are convinced of that.
He was speaking metaphorically, I'm sure.
I do look a great deal like a monitor lizard, to the untrained eye.
I don't grudge him.
Hell, all of earth's larger primates look pretty much the same to me.
My inability to remotely connect to any machine at work could indicate a fun day starting in a few hours.
And alexa, alexa should be shot into the sun.
You were modbombing.
He's back.
He came back today.
If he's like Judas, you have to let him do himself in, or he wouldn't be like Judas.
If you fudge it too much, the symbolism is lost.
Your analogy is already suffering for lack of a Christfigure.
If he has, it's rusty's own fault.
Not Inoshiro's.
You've got nothing, man.
Now you're just being silly.
Nobody has ever needed Inoshiro.
I zeroed it as well.
Do you?
He's not gay.
Inoshiro doesn't use the Inoshiro account anymore.
White.
ennui's hobby is hating people.
No, I didn't.
See, I think you'd misuse the information.
Well, I think it's best to shelve the issue, since you're clearly in an angry mood at the moment.
He works at a video game store now, not in fast food.
He's moved up!
Did you really drive Signal 11 to the bring of suicide?
Why did you back off?
Why not drive him all the way?
You should've killed him while you had the chance!
No you have no idea where he is and no control over what he's doing.
No kidding.
That's a shame.
Rapes by a coworker, though.
Does that happen to many guys?
Where did he work?
A prison laundry?
I had no idea, but that would explain the general atmosphere of the place.
KMart, video game store.
K5's best and brightest don't all make out so well.
But he seemed like a decent enough fellow.
hurstdog.
Carpenter is hardly unskilled.
That's also skilled.
Well, in addition to the carpenters, plumbers, electricians, and so forth, a smaller construction site also has a bunch of Mexicans to move stuff around.
Was rusty one of the Mexicans?
At larger sites, I think even the Mexicans have to be union.
Do you have a garage, ennui?
The buy yourself some wood and get to working it!
Implement Java.
In wood?
You could build a boat.
People do that.
But he has a garage.
Build a gallows, so when rusty's shell game finally falls through and the masses turn on him, you'll be ready.
I still use tables.
Tables.
No, I'm talking about HTML.
What do you want.
I don't understand the question.
Oh, right.
I use tables for presenting tabular information.
Absolutely.
The CMF is going to have a site with stories and comments running yet another piece of stories and comments software?
Man, I'd sure like some damn delicious butter.
I may be on to ubu?
I think you can guess what I think of the WTO.
I am firmly neither opposed nor in favor of the organization.
encontrado, are you jealous of localroger for being smarter than we are?
Jealousy is bad, and no, you don't want to be a bad person.
Recognition of one's shortcomings is the first step toward selfimprovement, though.
I think that that encontrado could come to live contentedly with localroger's intellectual superiority.
What were the elaborate fictions designed to destroy his reputation?
I don't recall anything like that.
What's wrong with Stephen King?
I've never read one of his novels.
I think I read a short story by him, though, about a smoking clinic.
Don't talk to me.
pshaw, nobody hates you.
Write an apology and stick it in the edit queue.
Just be humble and they'll be won over.
Hence their adoration of Asian women, but I may be off on a tangent.
Don't talk to me.
Hooray for the Cubs.
Context, please.
I'm not trying to fool the Cubs into hating anyone, if that's what I'm being accused of.
I'm not getting an answer, and from reading the scrollback, my question didn't make any sense!
My cat smelled good.
Well, all cats have bad breath, but the top of the head should smell good.
Strange.
Has it always been stinky?
I seem to recall being told that a stinky cat is a sick one.
God damn it, don't talk to me.
You ridiculous faggot.
encontrado, have you gotten any apologies?
All the people who voted down your factuallycorrect article and called you a troll are just going to pretend it never happened?
The nonneutral neutral makes me wonder if rusty can do math.
I hope it's not the new rating system.
rusty ought to start another website for us to browse while we wait for K5 to load, kinda like Playstation games used to have minigames to play while the real game was loading.
Well, Jism will be out soon, and then he can move Scoop to that.
There should be a mass 20 rating that hits every comment in a story, including comments that haven't been posted yet.
The ability to use the rating would be handed out randomly, though, and revoked after five minutes.
There would also be a rating shield that you could purchase that would automatically reciprocate all ratings done to your comments, at double strength.
You could give yourself a rating booster.
It would temporarily triple the score of your last ten comments, but over the next few hours, the bonus would degrade to a mere 75% of the original score, effectively crippling you.
I hope I win.
rusty didn't blow anyone to get as cool as he is, so that might be a hint.
I asked.
Well, er, my inner light.
Hey, lush.
Sometimes I get the giggles.
He's been on AIM.
I do too!
The article itself is preachy.
I gave up after a few paragraphs.
Yeah, let's accuse her of being jealous of the women victimized by Arnold.
The election is over.
She didn't win.
Nothing is wrong with it.
Women love being sexually harassed.
Sexually abuse is even better, to a woman, but if you really want to please them, you can't beat sexual assault.
I think it's pretty funny that people are still bitter about that election.
Bush earns my approval simply for pissing off so many people in an amusing fashion.
Baseball games are fixed.
The from the trenches is a pun on trenchant.
I just figured it out.
Technology and culture, from the trenchant, is what he meant to say.
His GNUSpell betrayed him, though.
I'm going to say no, because that seems safer.
I can honestly say I've never read anything that I could parse as coherent from him
See, Inoshiro is just being funny.
parse as coherent from him is pretty good.
Is Jism done yet?
Now that K5's comment ratings have been, er, fixed, Jism's release is what I'm anticipating most.
Yes, zikzak.
A name for a product.
What's the product's name?
Is spunk to jism like vorbis to ogg?
Jism is simply magnificent!
It's K5, isn't it.
Oh God.
Why not turn its guts on?
Why not turn my guts on, baby.
I can't log in, Ennius.
Fix plz.
com is surely in use, and www.
sexsex.
com probably is too.
sexsexsex.
com might plausibly be a real domain as well, so I begin to wonder how many sexes one needs to produce an invalid address.
uglywomen.
com is porn, and no, you don't want to see for yourself.
clicky clicky
Satisfyingly, www.
notporn.
com isn't.
But www.
isporn.
com isn't either.
Noporn.
com and yesporn.
com both exist and aren't porn.
findporn.
com will help you do just that.
Haha, that's great, CT.
Adult midgets?
They don't come fully grown, you know.
grossporn.
com is like asking for a kick in the nuts and get a bland hello.
getting
fatscat.
com does not deliver.
Wee, teenfatties.
com is right on the money.
Supposedly?
Pfft, we're all scientists here.
genitalhospital.
com is there alright.
Who doesn't enjoy a stainless steel speculum shoved up her cunt?
I wonder if that's just a rhetorical question.
bc's theory is just as correct about one thing as it is about anything else.
genitalfury.
com does not exist.
I kinda wonder what I was hoping to find.
Despite being catchy as hell, www.
viralvaginas.
com goes nowhere.
There are lots of good domains left.
I'm going to regret asking, but what's done with the bricks?
That's horrible.
Close enough, isn't it?
polyboob.
com does not exist.
The one you did of Jin was great.
Not gleefulgonads.
I don't wonder enough to check.
Who the hell wants to work on an operating system for free?
People do it, though.
Because of targeted banners?
Sounds like you already had to be most of the way there.
fandom.
com is a squatter, kinda.
It's true, there isn't.
It's irony and it's hip.
I'll buy a pair.
viralvaginas.
com isn't taken.
Did I mention that?
Somebody check stickitintheman.
com for me.
I just got around to looking at this Yiffy glossary I opened up hours ago.
Tell me, what is AssLoving really going to mean?
Did it need an entry in the glossary?
It conveys the desired meaning.
We're too horny to spell.
Too Horny to Spell would be a good name for a band.
No, it's ironic to spell it properly.
Hip as well.
Tacking un on to every ol' word isn't hip any longer.
encontrado, Scoop makes itself look like a broken toy, and should you start with something less ambitious, like an IRC client?
Could you write a nextgen nerdblog that supported realtime discussion?
It would be cool.
Think, below each article would be a little scrolling box of realtime discussion!
People wouldn't need another piece of software, and so forth.
What do I know about search components.
She started it.
That bitch started it!
Take that, zincman.
Ban us.
It's the right thing to do.
And you need me to be quiet to do that.
But I'm way over here.
You're trying to come up with a good name for it, aren't you?
Everything that comes to mind is a ripoff of Scoop or Jism, though.
Hi, alexa.
You just hate working.
Shut up.
I won't, just to spite you.
The terminator died.
alexa, entertain me.
Yeah, a lot to enjoy there.
Did anyone say that?
I want to be the Pope.
I actually do.
I want to lead a major religion, and not a stupid one, like Mormonism.
No, I want to speak Latin, dress up in big robes, and have a cathedral.
I'd suggest a k9, but alexa is already here.
If I were rusty and thinking about this new comment rating system, I'd recalculate the existing ratings for my own edification using a mapping like, perhaps, 1,0=>1 2=>1, 3,4=>2 5=>3 and see what got hidden and so forth.
Suppose he did the same?
In a similar situation, my tendency is to overload myself with metrics and thereby lose sight of what's relevent.
I know the feeling.
I work with a mediumsize DB and it's often fairly tempting to try to find correlations and so forth that aren't exactly necessary for the job at hand.
I intend to return to the past to save the future.
I am dead.
Become as I am.
Perhaps, but not a fifth as dumb as you.
Nor do I.
It's your fault, entirely.
I won't take any of the blame.
A vote expresses a preference while a rating expresses an opinion.
That's what I said.
Oh, excuse me, I'll use babyspeak when talking to you in the future.
People will get naked for anything.
But not without becoming part of the culture of its observers.
What do you care for fun?
I thought about it for about a quarter of a second before deciding I had no opinion.
You're giving me too much credit, I'm sure.
Ah, god damn it.
Write down twenty sentences that contain the word voting and sound reasonable.
Go back and change voting to rating.
There's your answer.
Yeah, doesn't rate is an idiom.
Nobody is that bored.
Well, careful.
Does proper rating have no effect, or are you committing to nondeterminism?
Mightn't rating as well, just less obviously?
I'm not sure if they can ignore it and I'm also not sure thaty they have to.
It's all very fuzzy.
I wouldn't be bothered if we just said that voting tended toward the obviously deterministic and rating tended toward the less so, and perhaps in between lay some fudging area that might be rating and might be voting, we're not sure.
Until we embrace civilization socialism, you have to do something for a living.
Scrambling from emerging technology to emerging technology?
That's really not so appealing.
It's enough to make someone want a bit of stability, to get in a game that doesn't reinvent itself every year.
Prostitution didn't even come to mind, but yeah, what are you really going to do?
By a stretch.
An AA, say?
The comfort of knowing ones appointments are wellscheduled, sure, but what isn't a comfort, by those standards.
Administrative assistant.
Some of them are quite good at what they do.
Much better than I would be.
The clothing still works regardless.
Perhaps that's the perspective.
Nerds can't smell.
I concluded that a while ago.
Hah, it's curious.
Dropping all the pretense, I'm sure we both have the skills to qualify as fairly nerdy.
Do all nerds, including us, examine nerds as a genus from the perspective of an external observer.
It's possible, you know.
Perhaps most all nerds are having conversations just like this one right now.
But do most nerds view themselves as better than most nerds, for whatever reason?
And look at our reason, cleanliness!
In the broader scheme of things?
Perhaps I'm an awful human being, but at least I'm a pleasantsmelling awful human being.
But rating vs.
voting.
I can't imagine the outcome making any difference.
A great many things.
Trivially, stepping out this window.
I read the same article.
I think the author might be on to something.
Comments should have two little dropdowns with numbers  one for rating and one for voting.
I think there will be less confusion if those elements are made distinct.
Thanks for ruining it, yeah.
Will it turn my stomach and make me weep with fear?
I am indeed a pussy.
Now pass out for fifteen hours and wake feeling refreshed.
Maybe you caught HIV while running around nude on a college campus.
It happens.
Yankees and Marlins.
Is this wit intentional?
hillct> well, it turns out my redhead of the moment is merried.
I guess she was just entertaining herself at my expense.
bc, there actually is a First Bank of Reason in Reason, Minnesota.
A civilization can't talk.
m old'r'n you.
Actually, I am.
I was born in '68.
I don't think you're being honest.
Aww, cute.
You're copying me, your elder.
20721 is dwindling away.
When Vlad does.
Right now, it's only most dedicated remnant waiting faithfully for their enemy to return, but once Vlad comes back, everyone will be a believer.
Vlad is a lot like Jesus.
Why did you do that?
How did posting Craig's address defend Vlad?
But you lied about Trollaxor.
He was innocent, and now he's dead.
bc, Vlad killed him a few weeks ago.
Vlad's been in county waiting arraignment since.
For what!
Now you're slandering a poor man posthumously to assuage your own guilty conscience!
Look how low you've sunk.
No, the AV3 is, and always was, Craig, Reza, and bc.
You because you like causing trouble, and Reza because she was tired of being ignored for the Internet.
Hell hath no fury.
What's great about the AV3 is that anyone can plausibly be argued to be a member.
I don't really see that one.
Vlad'd pursue webwench in a heartbeat if she were twice as big.
Isn't she kind of redneck?
I think she's more likely from Atlanta, which is just a big sprawling Southern metropolis.
kitten lives in Atlanta.
The Coca Cola company is based in Atlanta.
Canada, I think.
I think that's wrong.
Pepsi started in North Carolina.
I'm not sure where it is now.
Oh, it's in New York state.
I don't know what that is.
I just don't.
I'm sure.
I'm unfamiliar with both of those, yes.
It's hard enough to just keep up with American culture.
And actually, I think I do know who Shakespeare is.
He wrote a soso movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes.
Oh, I don't pay attention to people who are dead.
There are too many living people for that.
Then why did you say spent?
Perhaps he'll move back to wherever and live another hundred years.
He died in 1975, according to Wikipedia.
I'll update the entry.
It shows for me.
Have they become fascist?
Those bastards.
I change it to born October 15, 1881 is
And added a bit near the end about him living in Seattle.
Someone would've asked why we've not hear a peep from him in 28 years.
Do you think he'd mind if I paid him a visit?
He is 122 years old.
m old'r'n y'!
But I guess I'm not 122.
I'm going to catch cold and die.
I was caught in it with no umbrela.
The weather was fairly nice when I set out, so I didn't bother.
mysql probably doesn't have anything comparable to index oragnized tables, just like it doesn't have anything comparable to partitioned tables, which is why rusty had to do his stupid archive scheme.
Whatever the problem was, he solved it way to quickly, without help from someone who knew mysql.
Aren't there free DBAs to go along with the free DBs?
So instead the compensate by banning joins.
Say, alexa, I'd like to inner join you, if you know what I mean.
I don't think hardly anyone does.
What ails you?
So you could become a dope head?
Maybe if you ate a salad now and then, and not just big chunks of bloody meat.
I think a robot moved in upstairs.
It steps too quickly to be a fat human and too heavily to be a thin human.
Nah, leave him there.
It wouldn't be mean either.
It would simply be.
In fact, I will reward you richly if you leave your sibling at work.
alexa, I've always treated you very well.
It's looking pretty good.
I've come to realize that I enjoy listening to a voice in a language I don't understand.
Unless it's fucking Spanish.
Is it necessary to flaunt your antisocial streak and every opportunity?
Something you ate?
I started reading about MySQL, and it looks fairly difficult.
They have five table types or six, depending on which paragraph of the documentation you read.
The MySQL documentation is weird.
It lets users post to the bottom of each page, and what they say doesn't make any sense.
At the bottom of the documentation of SELECT is a discussion on how to select a random row, and people whining that selection of a random row should be optimized.
Now, I've never wanted to select a random row, not once.
That's an excellent question, but you could do better than the bitchy guy in the documentation was doing.
Good job!
I likewise am leaving IT.
I'm an IT professional.
Sorry, that's past my comfort threshold.
I want to make a less honest living.
I'm becoming a lawyer.
The last is what appeals to me.
I can get paid to lie?
Well, sign me up.
I don't have it in me.
Yeah, that'll pay a lot.
Yes, sweet pea.
Relative to the unfairness I have to endure, that's nothing.
But I do.
I feel ashamed talking about it in here.
It's windy.
Lucky you.
Shouldn't you be aclearin' out the gutters and asweepin' out the chimney, boy?
No, it's just teaching patience.
Those people are so going to hell.
Is a pickle slang for some heroin?
I have a mostlyfull bottle of vicodin that I'll send you.
for a price.
Then I can't help you.
Get yourself some crack, then.
Maybe yer belly aches from all yer bellyaching.
Eat some grass, like a puppy with a stomach ache would.
Although I didn't see any grass in Houston.
Well, that depends on what's wrong with you.
Also, you eat more steak than any other impoverished person I know.
You're always talking about all the meat you eat!
Hah, there's my answer.
1611 <Am6nda> Evil?
1612  bc ~pf@cloaked.
bbd22tcl.
uk has joined #jism
1612 <bc> hiya
I suppose that proves it.
You're evil.
What's that?
We have nuclear weapons.
We will defend ourselves.
But the red squirrels didn't have nuclear weapons.
Or even conventional weapons.
Aren't they just in Tibet at this point?
If they exist, and are a threat, then they've always been a threat, but have never managed to accomplish jack.
Why be worried now?
No, they've been living in the forests of North America for goodness knows how long.
What are you proposing?
I want to use nuclear weapons.
She was talking right before you joined.
It appears that way.
He last line was a mere minute before you joined!
She was probably typing her next, saw you eneter, and thought better.
Well, she's been hurt too many times.
Mostly by me, but I always passed the blame off on to you, even when you were perfectly innocent.
Why not find out, on the sly, whether she's Jewish, Italian, or what not beforehand.
You can also find out her sign!
Then perhaps your other comments shouldn't focus on her appearance e.
shoes and nails.
She'll know you're lying.
Hi alexa?
That's not what you planned on saying.
Did you choke?
I do see.
Way to go, ol' chum!
Well, do you know when you were born?
Capricorn Rising endows an energetic, successoriented personality, with the determination to achieve your personal goals.
Yeah, that's alexa!
Were not.
You were probably born at 1138 PM.
er, AM.
OK, well, your rising sign is The Devil.
No surprise there.
I confess I'm an amateur and may have read the chart upside down.
Son of a bitch.
Unfair.
I don't know when I was born.
I just decided to say I was born in 1980 back in 1992.
I seemed about 12 at the time.
Yes, fight about astrological signs, you ninnies.
For god's sake.
bc, she's never going to come around if you don't stop being so combative.
All of our signs are compatible for relationships, this site says.
There you go!
No, let's hear.
Haha, bitch.
Is there any match they don't encourage?
Regarding my sign and Leo It's a perfect match.
Regarding my sign and Aries This is a perfect match.
OK, it doesn't recommend Libra and Capricorn, which I picked at random.
It's all magic.
Quite literally.
Or you just don't know yourself.
Of course, the description of my sign is dead wrong as well.
I'm not sure.
You do get upset when people don't speak adoringly of you constantly.
Uh, not so much any more, since we all learned to speak adoringly of you pretty much constantly.
Well, you did shut down Adequacy after you came in second in the Favorite Editor poll.
Your breasts do drive me wild, bc.
I would too.
And I wouldn't be able to get through God, your breasts drive me wild without cracking up.
It'd be, God, your bbreastmauahahahaha
The purity test is longer than that, and people have finished it.
I won't say.
You'll mock me 
Am not.
I'm not a Virgo.
I'm a Gemini.
Well, no.
Our signs are sexually compatible, but you and I are not personally sexually compatible.
I did say!
I was born in late May or early June.
Or start a longterm relationship.
Nonsense.
alexa won't wait forever.
Why no more?
Absurd.
Are you a coward?
Or maybe you'd come to wish to marry her.
Don't you want to hear alexa tell you, mmm, you're so big!
Well, then fly alexa out to Ireland, ya big goon.
She's not that sort of girl.
I've heard her say that.
Well, she didn't say it all at once.
It was over the course of a couple days.
I've heard her say cock, yes.
It offended me.
I don't think she said it frequently.
I would've started crying.
Well, I've heard her say crap, fuck, cock and damn.
Possibly dick and shit.
Kind of on a tangent, but I like the word 'giner.
It's vagina.
Slang for.
Hillbilly slang.
Have you tried google sets?
Well, you can type in the bad words you know and it will teach you a bunch you don't!
Oh, you're as bad as that filthy, filthy girl alexa.
She's in the pornography business now; had you heard?
Haha, a set on trollop and strumpet is fun.
alexa is a real sporting lady.
Because, as an Aries, you're entertained by pornography.
As a Gemeni, I'm entertained by computergenerated wordplay.
Gemini
See, you are looking for pornography.
Of naked human life.
Oh, fuckingmachines.
That was horrible.
I still hate you for making me look at that.
Yeah, what did you search for?
erotic pictures I might like.
I think so.
Pervert.
alexa is too good for you.
Get away from her.
Poor little alexa.
My heart breaks at the thought of her.
Anyone can be a whore.
That's part of what makes America great.
I remember when, as a child, I first learned of prostitution, I reasoned that prostitutes must be relatively attractive, since surely no one would pay money to have sex with an ugly woman.
Since attractive women can leverage their physical appeal for financial gain in less demeaning, dangerous ways.
Some attractive women prefer abject poverty.
Or stupid and stubborn.
I'm tired of working.
I want to sell one thousand American women into sexual slavery in Southeast Asia for $1000/head.
God damn it.
I want to do something horrible to America, though.
Romanians are ugly.
God, all of Eastern Europe is ugly.
Are they really in demand?
Can I sell American women to be eaten?
Do they eat people in the Arab world?
They have some rich people.
Always slandering the Irish.
If I won a free trip to Ireland or Scotland, my choice, I'd go to Ireland.
If I then won another such free trip, I'd go to Ireland again.
cept you wouldn't.
I would too.
I really want to go to Africa.
Did you see someone get eaten by an Elephant?
That's what I'm going for.
They must not've been hungry.
Well, the African Americans around here are so shiftless and idle that they might as well be plants.
That's not at all obvious to me.
I can't imagine why you sould.
Oh nonsense, and you're hardly very polite to me.
It's just slow.
Glacially slow.
Also, my mental health continues to disintegrate.
I don't know.
I'm increasingly highstrung and irritable, with slight aural irrititations provoking intense emotional reactions.
Other sorts of irritations don't annoy me, though.
It's actually sounds that are caused by human rhythm.
Sirens and cars don't bother me in the least.
But the sound of typing does, as do footsteps.
I mean, gee.
Did you hire me?
Hot dog!
You won't be able to, so long as you don't fire me.
Yes, sir!
This nightmare never ends!
Those poor, dear Cubs.
I've only seen a few minutes of it.
There were two guys in a car, driving.
When are we going to send up more space cadets, or whatever they're called?
Or figure out a way to keep people from fretting so much when they do.
What's important to keep in mind is that they were going to die anyway.
encontrado, have you thought about signing up to be a space cadet?
No, but they let you smoke on the way in.
Ha ha.
Someone should study the effects of weightlessness on alcoholism.
I'll volunteer as a control.
I'll stay on earth and drink.
I'd totally slack off in space.
Mission control would be calling all the time riding my ass, saying, Dude, qpt, when are you going to do your shit?
And I'd be like, Man, it's cool, OK?
And they'll be, You said it was cool yesterday, dude.
I'm starting to wonder.
That would be like a total downer.
I do, please.
I didn't know effort was involved.
Poor, dear AOL.
Poor, dear alexa.
Poor, dear poor judd fry.
Hello, zikzak.
I hope you're well.
And because your ears are made of tin.
Shucks, alexa likes abuse.
You don't?
encontrado, you made your case already, and it was airtight.
That nobody was convinced reflects poorly on them, not you.
Specifically, homosexual men.
What about in the YMCA?
Yeah, but they're hot.
Not running them makes an outlet look uncompetitive.
I don't really care about flash ads, but any sound at all from the web irritates me.
I have a collection of MIDI versions of pop songs that I enjoy.
No, alexa.
My favorite is a MIDI of Van Halen's Jump.
I didn't want to read that, encontrado.
I didn't realize I'd be subjected to ubernostrum making lame excuses for why he couldn't unhook a bra !
Perhaps he has arthritis.
I don't even use MySQL.
I genuinely try to be helpful, but the people do not know their tools at all.
scoop largely isn't about Scoop.
But that's often the case with IRC channels.
This channel isn't about jism thank god.
encontrado, I want to muck about with Scoop.
If they used Oracle, I would.
If they targeted Oracle, though which of course they never would, I could likely help quite a bit with performance.
It is, and that turns CMFtype folk off.
I feel like I'm up for my DBA exam.
The only reason you'd have to rebuild an Oracle index is.
I'm sorry.
It has something to do with repartitioning a table.
I think if you repartition a table that had partitioned indexes, but don't choose to repartition the indexes, you have to rebuild them.
But that comes up approximately never.
That's kind of strange.
Blogs never delete, right?
Deletion is the only thing that can cause an index to become sparsely populated and thereby benefit from a rebuild but not need it, but it really hardly ever makes any appreciable difference.
But K5 only adds to the DB.
Oh, I forgot they did that.
But yeah, diaries too.
It's hard to say.
It was a superkline.
I'd like to see a hyperkline.
It's a permanent ban from all communication channels.
Well, a hyperkline still allows you to see and hear, but not use the telephone, post, etc.
I hope not, but there are rumors.
I like little frowny faces like so 
This nickname doesn't show me the respect I deserve.
I can't change it.
I've been globally nlocked.
Well, I'll tell the truth.
alexa said she wouldn't like me unless I was named princess, so there you have it.
A bit?
It's highly pathetic and slavish, but what can I do?
What I want to do is make her like me.
That isn't what I meant.
All I want his for her to like me.
Aww, crap.
I'll never win.
Always cashmere.
Not in Texas, goof.
And snow?
It is far from Chicago.
You're not grasping the scale of the US.
From the gulf of Mexico.
It's warm.
It's 26 in Houston right now.
And 10x better.
Ireland is 27,137x bigger than the UK?
That's ridiculous.
They should be sovereign state.
Imagine being the king of Sark!
Are they next to each other?
That would be fun, then.
That's cruel.
For how long?
They should've been liberated at the first possible opportunity.
I was thinking of 2 square mile islands.
And named after cows.
I don't know.
Cows have been around for a while.
I don't know what a dependency is.
Like the US and Iraq?
We should've conquered France instead.
They have better cheese.
Yeah, that's true.
Who let them develop nuclear weapons?
But I'm tired of those filthy frogs getting away with charging us upward of 1520$ a pound!
I hate the FDA.
Can't they live and let live?
Cheese isn't a luxury item.
It's food, and people need food to live
And who does it end up hurting?
When will they ever learn.
As long as it doesn't become crazy and opressive, I agree.
I don't want the government forcing me to live in a tiny windowless apartment and work in a factory, though.
I already have TV piped into my living quarters.
See, none of that is appealing.
We don't want propaganda, rationing, any of that.
your roquefort would be forever gone.
Getting hit with an HBomb doesn't sound so bad.
How bad could dying be?
Especially by an HBomb.
Even if you lived in a crummy little apartment, were watched by your tv, and could only have 30 grams of chocolate a week?
I eat at least 4 kilograms of chocolate a week.
Well, then it's easy for you to give it up.
Spare the rest of us a thought.
Moving on.
What about me?
I'll be miserable without my chocolate.
That's why it's worth being nice to everyone.
Lies and deceit as usual.
There are some amazingly pathetic people, bc.
Yeah, how could someone be so scatterbrained as to forget to confess everything in the first confession?
What's the link to that?
I don't ever have any trouble.
If I need to urinate, I walk into a restroom and urinate.
Why would that matter?
Then they got in a fight, 'cos that's all UKians do.
Haha, Brits.
I hope someone is helping these people.
You're sick.
Why is it all mates and flats?
Is this a UKian site?
But American sites use .
com, 'cos we're just that arrogant.
Christmas Islands.
Hahaha
I think that's a US one.
But they don't have dogs in the UK?
I thought firearms and dogs were banned.
I need to pay more attention to where I get my information from.
Can you own assault canine, bc?
You should get one.
To protect you from hooligans.
The more I hear about the UK, the more utterly barbaric it sounds.
This isn't 900.
900 CE.
No, surely not.
You must love someone.
Everyone loves princess.
You can be taught to love princess.
There is so much misery in the world.
Drink, get on the table, and sing.
Well, talk about other things at brief.
It depresses me, bc.
I prefer my more cheerful perception of the world.
That's a good idea, bc.
You should confess to taking pleasure from anonymous strangers' suffering.
I agree.
He knew what he wanted and he took it!
He didn't let himself get pushed around.
I think it comes down to the fact that my general opinion is that very few people is as intelligent as me.
Why would anyone feel the need to confess that?
There's no snow in Houston.
I told you that already.
I was not!
You could've checked it for yourself.
It almost 80F earlier today.
It was 26C.
Just admit you were wrong, bastard.
I don't want to let you spread lies about Houston!
Poor, dear alexa.
Having her town lied about.
Don't talk about Houston.
Poor alexa has had to suffer enough from you!
It seems to em?
Since when has em thought a damn thing about such human matters as suffering and feelings?
Oh, that makes more sense.
Anyway, you're lying again!
Don't you ever stop?
I wish I could believe you.
No, nothing so specific.
I just wish I could believe anything you said.
Not at once, I hope.
Although, it would be fun to argue heatedly with bc while we both tagged alexa from opposite ends.
Why not?
No, that's easy.
I get front.
Wasn't that simple?
You didn't even want front until I called it.
This is sounding less fun.
alexa can fuck herself, for all I care.
Not in this lifetime, bitch!
I'm not sure I'd want to handle someone quite so nifty, but inability is a better excuse.
I'm not as mean and hateful as those freaks who are defecating on everyone and everything.
I love the Irish.
I have some Irish scotch.
Maybe I'll have a nip.
Full of paper?
I'm thinking of becoming Catholic, actually.
For the music.
What are you talking about.
Yes, that appeals to me.
alexa, you sometimes seem to lack selfesteem.
Hey, I'm happy being an ugly American.
And I don't try to convince people that I'm anything but.
I don't like you any less or any more now than I ever have, to tell the truth.
I wouldn't go out in public looking like a whore.
I wouldn't.
Well, no one, but I just figured that it would be a good idea to clear the whole matter up.
Looking like a whore.
Where did alexa come in?
You're obsessed.
I don't.
I think there's something more.
It's hard to say.
Love, lust, obsession.
Could be anything!
Why not?
Yes, but why?
I think it would be.
Anyway, there's no need to keep secrets.
Only paranoids and people with enemies keep secrets.
That site is warping your mind.
So hatefull.
I don't know how you people can find that funny.
It's sickening.
I can't stand people intentionally hurting each other, though.
Yes, because it's not someone gloating about hurting someone else.
That likewise is acceptable, since telepathy is not possible, so the man isn't being hurt.
Gullible?
What the point of a relationship if you have to be suspicious and paranoid about everything the other says?
Who are they cheating with?
Regardless, I don't cheat.
This conversation is depressing.
I'm a transhumanist.
I've put aside petty human urges.
I'm going to stop reading those links.
Wonderful, doll.
Unless one
s a dwarf.
Well, short men are neurotic.
They shouldn't be in charge.
Maybe they're daisy chains.
OK, look.
Assuming swords can't cut through chains, all the worse for swords, right?
The fault lies with the damn swords, not the story.
Well, I don't see you writing articles, bigshot.
Yeah, why don't you write a goddamn article on swords.
Should be a fucking snap for the Chief Swordologist of the Royal Society of Fucking Useless Pedantic Assholes.
I'm sorry.
I got angry.
Try harder!
alexadoll.
It's 1030, and I'm polishing up a couple apps.
That's no reason to hate me.
And your Internet keeps breaking.
It broke just a moment ago.
It did, though.
Why are you so sensitive about it?
Let's not fight.
And then crapflooding.
whore WHORE whore WHORE whore WHORE whore WHORE 
Like that, only more.
Stop suggesting forcible sterilization for everyone you don't like.
Live and let live, I say.
Why not?
But why?
Because people should be allowed to live their lives as they see fit as much as possible.
Your attitude disgusts me.
I can't stomach talking to you any longer.
Sorry.
No doubt, g.
It's all out in the open, ennui.
No, it's all blatantly sexual.
Nothing remote about it.
Fruit.
How much is there really to say about that?
I like jizzing on sluts' faces.
Yeah, me too.
So how 'bout them Mariners?
Buncha cumloving sluts if I ever saw any, and I have, as I mentioned previously.
Margaret Thatcher is interesting.
Well, interesting to a girl, sure.
A man's man, no less.
But not too many more, ennui.
Thirty breasts would just be revolting.
Three or four would be fantastic
The word interesting was created by God so he could talk about men with his angels.
I'm as tolerant as the next, but do you have to elaborate on specific fantasies?
Toilet sex means something somewhat different over here than what you probably had in mind, bc.
Nice work, bc.
Why would you want to annoy them?
What, exactly?
It's fun causing other people distress?
No, I'm just curious.
What's wrong with Blair?
No, why do you want him to die?
He's trying to work to restore the British empire, but you louts are too busy wearing tight pants, dying your hair blonde, and drinking and doing drugs.
bc, you know that alexa wants to be the one in that toilet with you.
That's why she's upset.
Saying in that toilet felt horribly wrong, but I managed to bang it out.
The visual I get is of a six inch tall bc and Raimondo splashing around in there.
What's a fleshlight?
I suppose that makes sense, if it holds ubu's attention.
Kill whitey.
An interesting proposition.
Then let's do this.
To kill yellowy, as I understand it.
Be elected PM of the UK.
I will become President of the US.
Our combined nuclear arsenal will be sufficient.
It isn't necessary to betray one's true intentions while campaigning in the US.
In fact, it's discouraged.
That sounds difficult and painful.
Don't they make one run around and do pushups while carrying a heavy pack in the military?
Lying is easier.
I was going to ask if you just meant swimming.
Anyway, I don't see why we can't just run off to somewhere safe and push the button from there.
I should probably learn to fiddle.
Good idea.
I'll need something to do to entertain myself while the world burns.
Our entire purpose is to take lives.
I can't say I've ever wished that.
One world government is tired.
We tried it; it didn't work.
Didn't Alexander the Great conquer the world?
Then why is he called great?
If you say so.
Again, if you say so.
Such a product would be just the ticket.
Storm, RobotSlave.
What kind of art fag are you?
zikzak, you've never been around a baby, have you?
Anyway, babies produce human breastmilk cheese.
They produce it in their stomachs and then puke it up.
They produce a different sort in the crevices of their fatty arms and hands and necks.
You're not ennui?
Another Scoop site?
url plz
Be a scoop fanboy with us.
Or paid to break celery.
Sure, it's not that fun, but paid to break celery!
avalyn, my darling, my love.
Stabbing is a metaphor for sex.
Because, like the rest of us, you secretly suspect that Kobe is in blackface.
Yes, bitch.
Change the begining to, I don't hesitate to admit that envy Kobe Bryant's skills, both on the court and in the hotel room.
Dreamhost, it looks like.
They might make an unauthorized book.
I like mine, and I adore avalyn.
I don't speak about myself in the third person.
I wonder who that could be.
I suppose the server logs are long longs.
Quit harassing poor, dear avalyn.
Or centipedes.
Let's get married, avalyn.
O avalyn, why do you struggle?
Silly girl.
You know I'm kidding and zikzak's not.
I'm always judged harshly.
No he isn't.
I'm sure it's all just stories.
Not really.
kitten just likes to whine.
Nor do I, but he likes to whine.
But forget about him.
Let's talk about us, and our future.
Nonsense.
You'll come around.
You know my name.
It's qpt, presently.
What's in a name?
Personas are a myth.
People are who they are.
Well, people only have one.
And it has nothing to do with their name.
bc is my ticket to fame and fortune.
CSS is a failed technological solution to a social problem.
People care what their crap looks like.
That's the problem.
From here, the Charlotte Church phenomenon doesn't seem like anything at all.
Find me a URL to an MP3 of her voice, on the double!
Well, OK.
I forgive all readily.
That diagram draws my eyes irresistibly toward her chest, making me feel uncomfortable about my sexuality.
Well, sexual attraction might not precisely be an opinion, but it's pretty darn close.
What if she's not wearing a top?
Let it never be said that #jism is good for nothing.
I just learned how to fondle women on the sly.
There's an underground city that's used to trap tourists.
Well, those that don't get trapped in the Space Needle, anyway.
I couldn't do that.
It would be wrong.
I don't think he was going to sleep.
I don't even know what you mean by that.
Right.
a google search.
Er, now what's that?
hrmph.
I'm angry because I have craved avalyn for nearly a decade now, and you earn her love in a moment!
It's enough to make a man spit.
I posted in your article!
Just ten seconds ago.
I'm willing to discuss a.
transaction.
I'll vote your story up in exchange for sexual favors of some sort.
I have one account.
What will that get me?
I just gave the 1 I have given in a very long time.
the first
That was anticlimatic.
bc bc bcbcbcbcbeeceebeeceebeeseabeesea bee sea bee!
Addict.
scholar is addicted to cough medicine and alcohol.
You do?
Addict as well.
I allow no drugs into me.
I'm addicted to avalyn, and I couldn't, er, stop, though I don't know that I've started anything, pity.
When did your stories stop even being vaguely plausible?
Did you change, or did I?
Truly fictitious events, rather.
constantly
Anyway, how many trips to Houston have you made?
That's nonsense.
Hello, darling.
I think you mentioned that, bc, but no, I can't say I know it, exactly.
Along those lines, I've had to ask myself some tough questions about avalyn, bc.
Am I really just still looking for Jin?
That really helps clear things up.
Thanks, uncle bc!
avalyn, Jin is sexy as fuck.
Well, she turns my crank.
I don't know how else to understand sexiness.
And a lovely voice, bc.
And you're quite obviously jealous.
But it's OK!
bc just said I was past Jin.
Don't worry about her.
You're right, you don't.
Jin rejected me.
Why does avalyn have so much trouble admitting the obvious, that Jin is sexy?
The sheer fact that so many people are sexually attracted to her is conclusive proof that she's sexy!
Of the three active people in this channel, two find Jin sexy.
It stands to reason, then, that at least 2/3 of the world's population, or 4 billion people, find her sexy.
On the contrary, I don't think most people are sexy.
The average girl isn't 1/10th as sexy as Jin.
God, I want her so much.
Will she take us back?
Do you know what I always liked about Jin?
She didn't harbor insecurities toward avalyn.
I found that attractive.
No he isn't.
Why do you want the Pope to die?
I love the Pope.
The Pope is old.
Loving an old person shouldn't make me a paedo.
I love the Pope, I love Jesus, and I love avalyn.
That's all.
Of course I love you.
Don't be so combative.
I feel for avalyn the same way I feel for the Pope and Jesus, so I'm not uncomfortable calling it love.
You'll hurt her feelings.
She wants to be unique.
Jin is similar to Jin.
That's what you've been saying all along.
At any rate, I wish you'd quit driving avalyn off.
I imagine bc is much crueler to me, but really, it's of no consequence.
I don't think you're cruel out of dislike.
You're just a bit rambunctious.
What are you?
I'm an Avalynist.
How do you know it's fake?
Maybe they were just genuinely appreciative of most everything.
You just can't stand people being nice to each other.
Like avalyn said, you're cruel and mean.
rats, Avalyn is my religious leader.
Well, she taught me that you're mean and cruel.
She doesn't talk about that sort of thing, no.
It gives all the moral and spiritual guidance I need!
I live my life as best I can to someday make myself worthy of avalyn!
Not exactly, but I gathered it.
I don't see what she's said that indicates that.
Can you give an example?
You made that up.
So, does that mean you don't want me to leave you alone?
I'm so confused.
That doesn't seem right.
Maybe you should share such personal information.
Women value their mystique.
This is unbearable.
How can you live with four people?
Odds are, in any group of five, there will be one absolutely unbearable person.
For your sake, I hope it's you.
I can't keep track of who's what.
I don't even know what a neocon is.
Trot, tory?
I quite like Jews, all told.
Still, I think Jews are OK.
I actually think everyone is OK, and I'm not going to budge on that.
Not everything is OK, though.
The people are, yes.
OK by me, at least.
If asked, they might not selfcharacterize as OK.
There aren't any such people.
Vampirism is not OK, but the vampires are.
They're creepy little bugs.
This is kindergartenlevel material, bc.
No person is a creepy little bug.
Obviously he had blood.
Nobody doubts that.
He ate some blood, perhaps, but he didn't suck blood, which was your original claim.
Lice suck blood, you'll recall.
Swallowing isn't a process of suction.
You're wrong, and what's more, you're going to hell, because you hate the Pope.
No, I'm not saying anything like that.
You're quite OK.
OK people can go to hell.
No, God sends those who aren't among the elect to hell.
They're all still OK, though.
Let's do syllogisms.
Was that porno?
And so it did.
The 0 is the same in both to me.
5Dried blood on the carpet.
Until the akill.
Not really endless.
Oddly, people on irc.
bondage.
com don't take abuse well.
Should I control my hallucinations and paranoia with medication or meditation?
They're not morons.
They're everyday sorts trying to cope as best they can.
They feel disoriented and marginalized by modern life.
They feel that they have little control over the course of their life and their environment.
They react by forming elaborate rituals and practices governing sexual interplay.
It all provides an anchor of sorts, a constancy and reassurance in a complex and confusing world.
Being a sub is very much taking control of oneself.
The domination is highly ritualized, and largely under the direction of the subs.
There's no real loss of control, since the sub can veto any advance.
The sub derives satisfaction and a sensation of power by meting out submission, by commoditizing and selling it, as it were.
I hope you do, bc.
Maybe you should apologize to them.
Because you erroneously supposed that he submissive attitude was invitation for any sort of abuse.
I can see you making a similar mistake with darling avalyn.
I appreciate that.
Or you can choose to participate, according to the rules, but the game really is fucking stupid.
I don't know why these people can't just have a beer and cool off, or whatever.
With what?
Your interest in bondage is wellknown.
You don't have a large collection of murder pictures.
You used to have a large collection of bondage pictures hosted at adequacy.
Nobody believes that story.
You don't seem particularly dominant.
avalyn, you can't be a switch.
Pick a side and stick with.
I prefer people of character.
You don't love anyone.
And neither do you.
I love everyone I ought to love to the degree I am supposed to love them.
Much more appropriate than this love everyone nonsense.
Earn my love.
Go on, try it!
I dare you!
Don't let people touch your penis.
Only bad men and diseased women want to touch penises.
Hello.
Hello.
Down with the potatos.
Right.
I'm OK.
I've been better and I've also been worse.
I am presently somewhere in between.
In this chatroom?
It's gross, and it the name makes me think of sex, sex, sex.
Hopefully things will get worse soon, so I can mope and whine.
Right now, I feel silly if I complain, since my chief complaint is lacking anything substantial about which to complain.
What happened?
With the AIDS?
Oh god, you've infected the chatroom.
I don't seem to get ill.
The only way I can give myself that wonderfully feeling is by drinking a lot.
And I probably should tonight, since it's Sunday.
Well, I just want to be good and hungover for the Monday morning staff meeting.
Meetings on Friday are impossible.
The director always seems to have plenty to say.
Well, he gives a status update on every team's projects, talks about organizational trends as a whole, etc.
It's boring.
I don't care what other people are doing.
I sometimes wonder if the Monday morning meeting is just to make sure everyone came back.
elby, soon!
Surely.
Careless, yes.
You should see the silly accident that happen just because I'm not paying attention!
Without a care in the world.
The pregnancy, avalyn?
Morning sickness, probably.
And I will 
All men are mortal, and qpt is a man.
Let's have a moment of silence while we think about my impending death.
But why?
If I died today, I wouldn't be able to sexually harass you tomorrow, candybuns.
elby isn't going to kill me, silly popsy.
I suppose trying to convince me to kill myself might be worthwhile.
elby, I'm supposed to be applying right now, but instead I'm frittering the day talking to you weirdos!
Schools.
I was supposed to finish this weekend.
I'm never going to be done with school.
Cowardly in what way?
What real world?
No, it's 'cos I can't decide what I want to be when I grow up.
No, I intend to spend my whole life trying to figure out what I want to be once I do.
I'm unconcerned.
I'll just keep acting juvenile as much as possible.
URL, candybuns?
Juvenile.
He's trying to impress you with his intellectual prowess.
It's a pity you're not clever enough to appreciate him.
No, I only give avalyn offensive nicknames.
I liked 'tummies'.
jlb = Johnson, Lyndon B.
Presidents aren't cute.
avalyn, I think you're being overly harsh.
What else do you think it should have?
You're clearly biased.
What else would you like to see, specifically?
Well, he has no education.
Also, it depends on the goal of the resume.
Well, high school I guess.
What did he suggest?
Appears that way, yes.
You can write erotic fiction about us, avalyn.
By us I meant avalyn and qpt, not elby and qpt.
Oh, everyone quiet, he's back.
OH HELLO SEA BEE
HOW R U
No more excuses!
You've written some fantastic erotic fiction, avalyn.
avalyn 
She has, perdida.
You fucking have, avalyn.
Stop lying.
avalyn, do we have to dig it up?
And then, having nothing better to do, elby and perdida got it on, baby, aww yeah.
I wrote that sex scene.
Aroused by his intellectual prowess and sparkling wit, avalyn looked longingly at bc.
She felt her sex moisten, and in a rush of passion cried, 'Oh sex!
Crikey,' squealed bc, and he scurried off.
I wrote that sex scene as well.
Whores.
Why are you such a misogynist?
Oh god.
Whores.
I want some meat.
Oh crap.
Everyone loves hobos.
li'l ziki.
I don't respond well to polite requests.
Threats, though.
Yes, sir!
The same technique might work outside of IRC.
It's worth a try!
Why would you want biker friends?
The soles of avalyn's feet are leathery, from working the dust barefoot from dawn 'til dusk in the wastes Texas, trying to coax food from the parched earth to feed her family.
If only I were worthy to rub lotion on avalyn's leathery feet.
avalyn 
I don't see how.
They should be a mark of pride.
We used to get on so well, then you turned on me.
Let's make up.
Suck my willy and friggin' enjoy it.
aww, that's heartwarming.
Oh, I'm super!
How 'bout you?
Did you work today?
Then how did you tire yourself?
When are you going to start taking care of yourself?
Your boy is diseased?
Heavens.
Perhaps you should've chosen a more robust specimen!
I'm just saying, there are plenty of boys who don't fall ill.
avalyn hardly needs you to tell her not to listen to me \
avalyn, avalyn, how long will you foolishly hold out?
I'll miss you.
I wasn't even born in 1987!
Wasn't.
How are you!
You ought to get down with me!
And groove!
Overreaction!
That hurt!
avalyn's fits of rage mean little, since she's a woman, but why you!
Except me.
I suspect that the solutions to elby's, shoeboy's, and avalyn's problems are in fact one and the same.
You weren't bored before?
Yeah, you're right.
I'm not interested in that, even slightly.
I feel sleepy.
Meant by whom?
I wish I had a textonly browser.
I'm on Windows.
No, only IE works on Windows.
Well, elby and I are going to go get a drink soon, any day now.
You should come.
No, this weekend just doesn't work at all.
Maybe next, but it's too early to say.
Perhaps he doesn't wish to be contacted.
You might try pjpowers@doodledoo.
That's a pretty cool email.
Well, up until a minute ago, you were well on your way to starting a family!
And now look at you.
Precisely.
elby is a millionaire.
Jeepers.
Develop software.
Which is also pretty dull.
That's a science fair volcano, not a bomb.
Downloadable?
If you're serious, write a worm.
ha ha ha
Well, listen up, fuckmonkey.
There are two sorts of people in this world people who think UserFriendly is funny, and people I hang on a meat hook.
Yes, and as to why, kittens are small and cute.
Many women are also small and cute.
It's not impossible that a sufficiently frustrated adolescent might become confused.
Hi, cuties.
She, bc.
Instead of fighting, let's all just admit that bc is invariably correct, unless he's disagreeing with me, which only happens rarely.
We all would.
That's gay talk, zikzak.
Stop it.
Straight men aren't afraid of anything.
It generally says I'm female.
Bitch.
I'm not arguing with the results.
Now you can be scared of her, zikzak.
How much are you willing to pay?
No kidding.
Well, that's a nobrainer.
I wish my keyboard had a pound symbol.
avalyn, fuck off.
That's not the sound of fucking off.
Is buying euros with dollars still a good idea?
How much more?
I'll go buy some Euros tomorrow, unless I forget likely.
I will.
It did.
I hope you're not expecting a percentage, 'cos you're not getting jack.
Kinda makes me wonder how much you really know about making money.
You always felt unemployed to me, bc.
Even when she's insulting me.
That's, er, somewhat noble of you, zikzak.
With God on your side, you can't fail, ph.
Normal people like sex with ph, I would even venture.
But the barest taste of the hellfire that awaits fornicators, zikzak.
An exhaustive list of ways by which the sheets may get dirty is beyond the scope of this discussion, but I would like at least to mention hurricanes and cats.
ph, I hope you're not discouraged.
The obvious chemistry between avalyn and ph is a little frightening.
encontrado's agreement is worth a great deal, I'm sure, but not as a proof of sanity.
God bless us all.
We need a ham.
I want to eat avalyn.
Does that make me a sinner, or just pathetic?
Well, literally, but I could be talked down.
Lucky women can't be president, though.
Gradually crashing?
A crash seems like an inherently sudden event.
That was you!
I'm shocked.
I know so many people who are obsessed with feelings girls' breasts through cashmere, see.
That explains the legion of unknown posters carrying on about it over at K5.
bc, why are you devoting your energies to preaching the virtues of cashmere instead of one world government?
True, but it's also the UK spelling.
Anyway, once you're in charge, you can set of a Royal Academy for the Preservation and Advancement of the English Language.
That still doesn't explain seize, shoeboy.
Or weird.
I'd like to meet the man who does.
You'll have to create a Royal Academy for Dissemination of Useless Information that while Formerly of Little Interest to the General Population is now By Royal Decree Knowledge Requisite for all Subjects.
cos, see, I don't know what you mean by Orcadian.
Nativeborn Mormon's can't be President.
It's in the Constitution.
Mormons
bc, why does the topic of cashmere draw you irresistibly to pedophilia?
That's no excuse.
Even at the time, but to remember it fondly is perverse.
That's right.
With your mind's eye, you lust for the pubescent girl you saw so many years ago.
Or weeks, whatever.
More importantly than its price, though, haven't you ever been feeling some breasts and thought, Well, these are nice, for sure, but they would be so much nicer if they were woolly and soft.
Cashmere will do that for you.
While asking for the time.
How precisely does one ask another for the time in the UK?
Digital wristwatches are ubiquitous in the states.
Only hipsters wear pocket watches.
But if they hear I've said that, they'll stop.
Abhor the flesh, brother ubu.
em's ugly hatred of the successfull again emerges.
He hates successful linguists, successful business men, and white people, the successful race.
em, I have to wonder how much you really know about what rich people want.
What do you want?
A cashmere poncho in bright reds and greens?
Sounds manly.
Most people, probably.
Douglas Awesome McGuire.
I should fly to St.
Andrews and go shopping.
Anyone want to come with me?
Well, fuck.
I thought Brits appreciated irony.
Perhaps it was a dickless transsexual, and they felt cheated.
I want to be trolled, and that makes me ashamed.
perdida, heh.
I get rockhard reading bc talk about cashmere.
I try to help, but you have to help me help you.
The Internet is fucking useless.
She might be old, though.
But encontrado is old.
A woman older than encontrado would have to be positively ancient.
No he isn't.
He's too bitter to be 22.
encontrado is as American as obesity.
I prefer older, fatter women, but too old or too fat is disgusting.
It's a delicate balance.
He was not the 14th President.
Which United States?
Oh, OK.
Sweet, sweet sugar.
Although given the choice, I'd lick avalyn instead.
In cashmere, no less.
That's disgusting, \.
If you were running for President, surely.
Let's pound yours into a pulp, hey?
I think .
nz is North Zarolina.
He seems used to it.
The Internet isn't a community, you know.
No, sorry, it's just a bunch of crap and some people commenting on it.
Well, the rest of the world isn't a community either.
How's a skeleton going to chant, goof?
Yeah, think about it for a second.
As I was saying, the topic is nonsense.
Those who can't do criticize.
Anyway, how's a skeleton going to chant?
Tell me that.
Unless it's the family itself that's skeletal, consisting of only the bare requisite of individuals.
I have my doubts, but I'd be willing to look at a supernatural chanting skeleton.
Maybe they're wired to a merrygoround.
Anything can be easily made to circle, but can you give me a reasonable rationalization of the chanting?
Well, the speaker would be chanting, then, not the skeleton.
My vocal cords are a part of me.
Speakers are not a part of skeletons, though.
That's not a chanting skeleton, sorry.
Admit it's a dumb topic and let's move on.
You're so god damn stubborn.
I don't think so.
I'm miserable, but I'm just taking it out on you and the topic.
Do you actually own a machete?
I don't want to be chopped.
I don't wish to be killed at all.
Who contracted you?
That's more absurd than chanting skeletons.
Look, if you want to kill me, at least have the grace not to make of stupid stories to justify it.
Information!
Information.
Likely.
Thanks!
You hate too many people.
Because hatred rots your soul.
No churches urge that.
That article on the medical system is wacky.
These people just need to get decent jobs.
I sometimes cut my hand off when I get bored.
My health insurance is so good that it only costs me $10 to get it sewed back on!
They devote all of their finances and effort to building bombs, nowadays.
Little wonder they're destitute.
I hope she's married.
And rats perks right up.
Nobody is named that.
Oh, him.
He's a beast of a man.
Now why on earth was that your first thought?
This conversation is making me uncomfortable.
When you were fantasizing about cashmere, I could let it slide, but fantasizing about being beaten up by Geoff Woad is too much.
I've always wondered why I have such a large penis.
Thanks!
Whenever the topic of average penis size is raised and I try to assure that it is often, I scrunch my eyebrows and say, No, that can't be right.
Are you sure that's not the 15th percentile size?
It's absurdly small, bc.
Something like that.
It's harder to measure one's own penis' displacement.
shoeboy's penis isn't unlike a fist.
Why doesn't anyone have a 6.
25 inch penis?
Oh, people are rounding up.
But so many more are at 6.
0 and 6.
What principle?
I bet she pegged the small dicked ones with a doubleended strapon.
Yeah, I bet that was good.
I do live in Seattle.
I think I'm required to.
It's a city law.
No, I hate santorum.
Not especially.
I'm a fascist.
I'm not white.
I'm Italian.
If he's so dumb, why's he a millionaire?
That's ridiculous.
You shouldn't let other people dictate what you find attractive, rats.
Yes, but it's endearing when you do it, bc.
I only hate selfloathing jews.
What would that be called?
Did I mention that he ogled mentots?
That's her.
bc, the film was called Mallrats.
I like her boot.
In fact, I used to watch the film again and again, just for that.
This particular bit lost plausibility quickly, didn't it?
Well, people do have cashmere fetishes.
I imagine.
You are PURE EVIL.
There, now go hide under your bed.
There's never been an earthquake in Scotland.
This metrosexual movement has really pissed me off.
Fags are bad enough, but now everyone and everything is faggy.
American conservatives are promilitary action.
I'm not sure how that came about.
Really, though, the American right tends to be Christian fascists, despite calling themselves conservative.
I want to see America turn into the militarisitc, expansionist policestate that the left cries that it already is.
And I want a seat with the Party.
We could, and Mexico.
And we would gather our strength and then invade China.
The resulting holocaust would almost hurl the human race back to the stone age!
That's the idea.
Out of the destruction a shattered and scarred Europed would emerge, determined to never again allow conflict to mar the globe.
You would have your oneworld government!
It's the only way, see.
America and China have to destroy each other.
You're supposed to learn your lesson.
Why not?
I don't believe that.
Humans are a product of their upbringing.
If raised to abhor violence, they will not kill!
That's pessimistic.
I used to believe the same, though.
But then I learned to love!
I think Hume demonstrated that inductive reasoning is worthless.
Learn the value of love, gentle bc.
Love does make sense, yes.
I'm sure you don't know the individual in question.
An answer would be meaningless!
Hah hah hah!
erm, no.
I don't suppose I'll be doing that.
HI RATS
HOW'S IT GOING?
Hush, let's hear what rats has to say.
Oh for god's sake.
I am ashamed.
Because mine is a forbidden love.
I love a fat woman.
I don't love her because she's fat.
At least not solely.
Right.
That's actually pretty disgusting.
The thing is, the actual size of her body disgusts me.
However, that fact that she's a fat woman attracts me.
I'm not sure.
I'm deeply attracted to her, but only the abstract.
The thought of touching her fills me with revulsion.
I don't think so.
I know this seems like a weird troll or something, but I'm not making this up \
No, it makes sense.
There's never any reason for why I like what I like.
Oh, OK.
Well, I like her because she's frequently interesting, is easy to entertain, and is a fat woman.
I dislike her hair.
It would make pillowtalk awkward as well, I suppose.
I couldn't lie!
I'm not sure I'll even be able to perform.
Fatness!
What's that from?
She'll ask, though.
Quentin, why do you always close your eyes when we make love?
That's ridiculous.
Why would I close my eyes!
HA HA!
With the disclaimer that I've not read past the last four lines em is lying.
It's interesting that someone can sound so damn guilty in plain text!
You don't have to control the tone of your voice, your expression, or your body language, em, and you still can't tell a convincing lie.
Don't be his bitch, bc.
Plus, the log is probably going to end up in a K5 diary anyway.
Seems to be how it works.
Shut up.
bc, let's have an incriminating conversation on AIM and then race to publish edited versions!
Whoever publishes first must be right, eh?
You can edit that part in.
I've always wondered about that.
I can just imagine a shopper standing in the aisle looking in confusing at the shelf, Hmm.
which do I want.
Stable.
or unstable?
This is impossible.
stable.
Wait, no, unstable.
God damn it.
confusion
You're the fattest man in the world.
I love that line.
I'm not that fat.
Some kids, in Gravity's Rainbow.
They're just so cute.
Don't bother with spelling, honestly.
Did you spell everything correctly when speaking to someone?
I bet you don't.
Spelling correctly in your linguistics dissertation kinda pins you as a stodgy ol' conservative, doesn't it?
Is that what you want?
bc, you're dating yourself.
I'm going to make a new unit of measure called qpt's number.
qpt's number indicates, for a given person, how many healthy people of the same height could be made from the person's mass.
A person at their ideal weight has a qpt number of 1.
Vlad is perhaps 1.
He's kinda fat, right?
But not fat enough to be two people.
Reza might be past 2.
She's pretty fucking fat.
I prefer women with a qpt number between 1.
2 and 1.
That sounds like science, em, and science is boring.
qpt numbers are about speculation and insulting people.
Observe bc's and my behavior.
We've used qpt numbers to insult luisa for being too small, reza for being too big, and to congratulate ourselves for being perfect white males!
It's brilliant.
Good work, ol' bean.
Isn't there?
I take a vitamin supplement each morning.
It can't possibly hurt, and I never have to worry about getting rickets.
That's depression, em.
And depression can't be cured with vitamins.
Yes, but he was insane, and the insane have supernatural strength.
I learned this from Hollywood.
bc, let's cure em's depression, k?
Well, depression saps one's energy.
He gets plenty of vitamins, that's a given.
What else might be the problem?
That's possible, broadly speaking.
em, do you spend a simply inordinate amount of time wooking Internet girls?
wooing
Wooking sounds like something else altogether.
Voyeuristic photographs of whom?
I applied to Stanford.
Maybe, but why doesn't he have energy today?
If I go to Stanford, should I try to meet em, bc?
I suspect he'd be rude.
He's installing GAIM as a tool for Internet seduction, hey?
Is that who he's seducing?
They'd make a fantastic couple.
And by that I mean it would give RobotSlave an excuse to pick more fights with em, and that would rock.
_> and who ever would've thought, but she had a penis after all.
bc, was it naive of me to assume that em's story would relate in some way to his Internet seduction addiction?
He's not going to talk about it, is he.
Yeah, duh, bc.
Contrast this with my experience.
When I wanted to use AIM, I downloaded Trillian, double clicked, and after a minute, it was installed and I was ready to go!
Dear em.
He's fat, you know.
Keep that in mind.
Not hugely fat, but fat.
Maybe you can find a sugar momma on the Internet to give you a computer.
She is rich.
He should ask.
If he has too much pride, you should drop hints, bc
kiad seems basically generous.
I think blackmail is overkill.
Yeah, you want to break out the big guns without even giving diplomacy a try.
English please.
He wants to make a pot?
Overly complicated.
Look, all he has to do is AIM kiad, be friendly, repeat tomorrow, then ask for a computer.
I'm sure he'll get it.
bc, a huge plot isn't required!
Yes, bc.
She pisses money away, and if just say hey, over here!
she'll piss it on you.
A million pounds may be a bit much.
Try asking for an ipod.
Then give it to me!
And don't bother asking the obvious.
Why I don't just ask santa for my own ipod.
I don't actually.
What is it?
Oh for.
I wasn't speaking literally.
By santa I meant kiad.
Settle down.
No, I don't think you do.
No, no, I really don't think you do.
Now I'm kinda of curious.
Nobody's reading, just say whatever you weren't going to say.
I actually have no idea why we don't talk.
It was glorious.
The destruction of #adequacy!
RobotSlave's insanity, all of it.
It was the stuff epics are made of 'cept that it happened on IRC.
I should talk to her.
What's her AIM?
avalyn, please keep quiet when the men are discussing a matter.
Thanks!
Hi, zikzak.
You have to stop choking down so much meat.
Eat some vegetables.
Oh, I meant both.
She's horrid.
What are you.
the nerve!
We were never on the ins, whatever in blazing hell that might mean.
What other thing?
She sounds and writes husky, though, bc, so that's a plus.
Why the hell not.
She doesn't roll the 'r's, bc.
They kind of disappear.
It's adorable, though.
And thinking about it fills my heart with longing.
zikzak doesn't have a Microsoft Natural Keyboard and is thus prone to RSI.
If only all trouble were so heavenly!
Yes, that's how alexa sounds, bc.
alexa's exotic but not intimidatingly so!
accent makes me hot.
If it were possible, I would impregnate alexa's accent.
No, mi'en.
A long stop.
He says glottal as glo'''al.
A healthy, average person should be able to hold his breath for at least three minutes.
Oh, that's right.
If that.
But when is there ever a scarcity of air?
Me or bc, zikzak?
I'm at 220 right now
Yes sir!
Yes, but no soft, tender rolls of skin as are found on a fat woman.
I wash using sodium dichlorostriazinetrione dihydrate, whatever that is.
On the cannister is warns, CAUTION May cause eye and skin irritiation, and it does, but such is the price of cleanliness.
I would kill to be that servant.
Well, kill a bug, or maybe a mouse.
Not a person, certainly.
That would be a sin.
If you say so, and I mean that.
Well, I dunno.
It sure doesn't feel that way.
You're probably right, bc.
I'm not sure I have the inclination.
But why would I want to spend it hassling with alexa?
That doesn't sound like much of a vacation.
I do adore her, yes.
But I'm not sure I adore her so much that I wish to have any contact with her.
I specialize in adoring people weakly.
I adore kiad even now, but no longer enough to talk to her!
I adore Jin, yes, but not enough to remember her when listing people I adore.
Oh, wow, it's so hard to pick a favorite.
I mean, they're all so great, truly desirable.
Each and every one.
In her own unique way.
Oh, I'd choose solitude.
Talking to any one of them can be torture.
zikzak will choose.
zikzak, pick a letter, R, F, M.
You fucker.
Pick one of the letters provided, son of a bitch.
I pick kiad.
The word sure as hell doesn't have a z in it, zikzak.
Well, you know.
She was a close runner up, probably.
Perhaps only a few points behind!
It's a shame kiad isn't here now.
Isn't it bc?
Why not?
Please!
He's elsewhere.
And that was funny.
bc, we've know each other for a while now.
And we've stuck together through thick and thin.
You know I'd give anything up to a low point for you!
All I'm asking is this.
Please bring kiad back!
msg her now plz!
She's fucking not.
What's her AIM?
I'll do it myself.
Also, what's your AIM and password?
Now's no time to get cold feet.
I intend to, from your username.
I have a slick plan here, don't fuck it up.
God, you are such a pussy.
No, you're worse than pussy, you're pussy fluid.
yahhuh.
I'll forward them right on to you.
OK, I won't forward them.
I can go either way on that, really.
Give me glance darkly at least.
It's not as though you didn't steal the name tiny pea from me.
God, you utter fucking bastard.
No, no.
It's OK.
I'll msg kiad myself.
Or I would, if bc would give me her god damn AIM.
Christ.
Are you going to fight me every step?
I see.
Let's make a deal, OK?
We're both reasonable.
Look, this seems fair.
I'll get the kiad's AIM from you, and you'll STOP BEING AN UTTER FUCKING CHILDISH PRICK AND JUST GIVE ME THE MOTHER FUCKING AIM FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND HOLY JESUS CHRIST WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!
thanks.
Geeze.
Calm down, dude.
Yeah, OK.
So, I guess I'm, like.
afraid to AIM her.
That's a good line.
Can I use that?
What in blazes, zikzak?
Google is a search engine, not fucking children's literature.
God, you dumb fucks.
All of you!
Talking to you makes me want to violate alexa's ass again and again.
I didn't learn to read until I was a legal adult.
I mean, I plan on learning to read now that I'm a legal adult.
You're a gem, zikzak.
And talking to you makes me want to violate alexa's ass.
Well, yes.
I intend to learn to read before I begin my formal education.
Whenever that is.
bc, it's not working all that well.
No, she's there.
And we're talking.
But she's not convinced.
She says she'll be here in an hour.
Why an hour?
It's the goddamn Internet.
Everything is instant.
Who is Jamie Zawinski?
It's always hard to ask about Internet people, so this will have to do ?
Thanks for being helpful, zikzak, and providing actual facts when bc was just kinda silently working his jaw.
Gratitude for what?
Should I be grateful that you finally gave me kiad's AIM after I beat it out of you?
I'm not sure where I got it.
Google, maybe?
You did what!
But then.
Who did I just.
hahahaha
hahahaha
I mean, hahahaha
You're right.
They're all the same.
Anyway, that was the kiad.
Yeah, isn't it?
Tell me something, though.
Why is it so much fun to do point by point comparisons of kiad and luisa?
There's that.
I stopped talking to her as soon as she said she'd come to #jism.
In hindsight, I probably should've continued, but I got lazy.
Well, there are some pressing, unanswered questions.
Who has the nicer ass, kiad or luisa?
My money is on luisa.
We even checked once.
Or was that something else?
We did once inquire into tightness.
kiad is fat, though.
There's little point in a comparison.
luisa is always going to be the tighter.
What's Jin's AIM, bc?
Yeah, she's not.
That's such a pity.
What's wrong with graphics?
She has breasts.
They could be half as large and still there!
There's nothing even vaguely childish about kiad and luisa, though, except for their narcissism, innocent amoralism, and love of meats and sweets.
I saw that.
They do?
She's also wearing a dog collar.
But I like women who have been driven insane by rae.
Where the hell is kiad.
That wasn't a rhetorical question.
Not geographically.
Yes, you do try.
Poor, dear zikzak.
Intriguing.
How many people?
Oh, that urban.
I hope to move to the northeast soon.
I'll do my best.
I trusted you.
It shouldn't even be a state, if you ask me.
States should be big.
Ah, Texas.
Home of the fairest of the fair.
Out of a population of?
Sweet.
I dislike having contact with black people.
I'm not thinking terribly much about Dean at the moment.
No, I'm more occupied with the fact that bc has run off to god knows where and the hour is almost up.
You'll be upset if Bush wins again?
People have been preaching doom for over a century now about who's in the White House, yet the country ticks on.
Maybe it just doesn't matter who is president.
Yes, it's time for you to get a job.
She said she would come.
And yes, he would've, so why didn't you?
You're fucking incompetent.
I am too.
It's all good.
You haven't faced the beast.
They have a nifty one with martial arts.
If I didn't already have an ISP, I'd get AOL, if just for the exploding.
yo yo yo
Yes, but she's ashamed of liking jwz.
I didn't like that window any way.
This one is fine.
Regardless, I love avalyn, and I hurt her, it's only because I enjoy hurting people I love.
I don't recall saying anything untruthful.
Tighter, and anyway, everyone knows she's tighter than anything.
Also, that's hardly something to be upset over.
Also, guess who AIMed me!
No such luck.
Right.
Looks like about an hour and a half ago.
Wondering where everyone is.
She entertains us.
Makes avalyn jealous.
Drives RobotSlave insane.
And succeeds.
No one can say no to em.
That doubtlessly irritates avalyn as well, since she intends to marry em.
We should buy her a little something, to cheer her up.
Why don't you do it?
Put my name on there too.
I'll let you use your discretion, but only if you do a better job than that.
He lives in Scotland, which is tiny.
You mayn't stop being a linguist!
I've built my life around the fact that em is a linguist.
Whenever things are rough and I'm confused, I tell myself, Well, diamond, at least you know em is a linguist.
You know that.
For some reason, that makes me feel better.
What are you going to do, if not linguistics?
Are you going to become a political radical?
It seems likely.
When you're out there killing whitey, uh, remember how good I was to you, and bc too.
There are very few linguists at all, so that implies that all linguists read Wittgenstein.
I'm so good at this.
Larry Wall is a nice guy, though.
It's true.
em is going to wear bandana, a bandoleer, and wander through the jungle, er, snacking on bananas!
And killing whitey.
That's a good idea, rats.
He could be the son of god.
Have you ever seen a photograph of em, encontrado, one in which he was facing the camera?
His fiercely dark latin eyes make me fear for my white ass.
I'd be aroused, if I weren't so frightened.
I'd like to go to Palestine and teach, rats, I really would.
Unfortunately, I don't know anything.
Anyway, teaching Palestinians English is the worst sort of linguistic imperialism.
They should speak their native tongue with pride  Hebrew, is it?
They're asking, are they.
How can they ask anything if they don't know English?
This story sounds fishy.
I don't think I've seen it.
I mostly watch Lifetime, though, since I enjoy rape scenes.
Haha, kidding, kidding.
They shave their heads so the blood will wash out easily, you know.
Some urban black have even taken to cutting their ears off, for much the same reason.
It's on its way, avalyn!
An absolute sexbomb were here words, I do believe.
You're know for putting down the people you adore.
Observe your behavior toward your dear bc.
Who you could marry, and would, given the chance.
All the time.
I got a bit tired of hearing what jwz was up to each and every moment.
Damn, luisa, I sad, can I get the digest version packaged up weekly?
That's what I said.
No, no.
You don't want to do that.
Excellent.
You're progressing nicely.
That's your motto.
rats, your QN is the number of healthy people of your height who could be made with your mass.
A normal person has a QN of 1.
A fatty a QN of 1.
4, say.
Everyone thinks that.
It's absurd.
Higher is better!
bc is going to eat ten pounds of you?
You tried?
Even easier, learn to be content with the size of your bust.
Ultimately, a larger bust will get you more money, men, and happiness, but who needs those things.
You shouldn't actually measure someone's QN.
You should just make a wild guess.
bc's QN is 1.
He's a fatty.
avalyn's is .
She's not a fatty.
avalyn, it's 7pm.
Let's talk about emotional intelligence.
Mine is clearly very high.
bc, as we can deduce from the pain he causes luisa, is an emotional retard.
You scored badly, didn't you, bc?
pb, I mean.
So he's a sadist.
A disgusting sociopathic sadist!
Oh, this is sweet.
He's been hounding me for my alleged sadism forever.
It's nice for the truth to finely be widely told!
You just like causing people pain.
You just admitted to taking pleasure from luisa's pain.
I wonder if luisa felt better off.
I suppose that's encontrado's point, though.
You helped her from your perspective, not hers.
If we've learned anything, it's that respecting a person entails respect for their own interests and projects.
If luisa did not wish to stop being a jwzlover, then it was unconscionable for you to interfere.
And luisa is nothing if not a dove, a mouse, and perhaps a girl.
See encontrado's lengthy footnote on this topic.
My EQ is 145.
What is yours?
Leave him alone!
Should we pay taxes?
If a man marries his brother's widow and they both die, to whom is the woman married in heaven?
Should I bother taking that as well, pb, or just be content knowing that my EQ is quite likely triple yours?
Think about that.
That's not a beating.
That's not even a trouncing.
It would take three of you to approach my emotional intelligence!
Let's talk then, bitch.
You want to talk?
We'll talk.
Bring it.
bc, it's a few lines up, if you'd just scroll.
I imagine that in your Irish accent and it make me giggle.
It also makes me harrd.
You're wondering about harrd, kiad.
Well, since bc's accent is so bizarre, I have to use two rs to tell him to roll it, or god knows what will come out.
hahd, maybe.
No, not so much.
Stop flooding, plz.
I don't criticize.
I try to help!
Except failing an EQ test.
Maybe a justification quotient test is in order.
You've never been on an airplane in turbulence?
I wouldn't call that unrealistic.
I've often wondered several times a day for many years what I would do if I spotted a gremlin on the wing of my plane.
I've decided that, well, I just don't know.
Yeah, I think pb felt the need to pick an answer similar to what he might do.
Dishonesty on online quizzes is not a damnable offense.
They decided that in Rome back in 1997, I think.
Maybe '96.
All the good domains are taken.
It's pointless.
Isn't she great?
Had she stayed, the channel would've dissolved.
luisa makes a good mistress, but kiad is quite a fling.
No one here.
She would be caring, patient, and kind.
She would be skilled, loyal, and demur.
She would be stable, happy, and organized.
She would content, and not overly ambitious.
Yes, and it's nobody here.
You think about it too much.
And mostly it wants to think about mating with people from #jism.
YES U R
What about ubu?
Is he adequate?
Don't be sexist.
I'm not sure kiad is caring.
You'll observe my dearth of ipods.
OK, well, she's not kind then, or I'd have an ipod.
That's not all kindness is.
Someone who never talks to another person and has no interaction with anyone isn't exactly kind.
Hi, encontrado!
I change my name frequently.
I'm sure I changed it for the same reason this time as motivated me all times previous.
I like to think I have a sort of constancy, a reliability.
Of what am I being accused?
Of course you don't.
Making accusations would require accountability.
It's disdainful hints, isn't it?
Where the hell are my boots?
Hello, avalyn.
How's it going?
Insomia, hmm.
Is your conscience troubled?
Hush, you.
Damnation.
Don't go in there.
That's great.
You think about the GPL?
Had someone asked me yesterday, I would've said, Sure, avalyn could make even the GPL erotic.
Boy was I wrong.
According to whom?
Yeah, that's starting to do it.
Hey, folks.
What's the matter, Mr.
I thought Rowling released the fourth ages ago?
You're missing out.
Not so much, but you're missing out on its lighthearted mediocrity.
It's not so pretentious as those.
It's just good, clean fantasy fun.
Or just watch TV.
Do you get any of those delightful British comedies over there?
French, then?
I forget where you are.
Ah, right.
Can you say something in Swedish?
Isn't it most black and white shots of men in dark turtleneck sweaters?
mostly
A bit broad for your tastes, surely?
I imagine the Scottish folk are easy to distinguish and discriminate against, due to their swarthy skin and dark hair.
Are you allowed employment in Scandanvian countries as more than just manual laborers?
Much of the strife probably stems from liquor envy.
Scandanavians drink vodka, don't they?
The most colorless, least characterful spirit there is.
Start with me.
I'd prefer you before you got too sloppy.
rats is gonna get a big wad of money to go to Palestine and study sand niggers.
You've gone mad with your new broadband.
Stealing the whole goddamn Internet.
Sand a nigger is rubbing a nigger with sand to remove dirt and grime from its skin.
In arid regions, sanding a nigger is the most practical way to clean it.
Is she the hottie?
Are you upset that you haven't had the opportunity to sell out?
Is this some sort of weird postmodern poetry that I don't understand?
You could try beeping.
Hi, avalyn.
Oh, don't scrunch your lovely little soul into a knot of frustration.
rats will save them.
Israel is a Nuclear Power.
Well, it's dry and rocky.
What the hell do you think it's like?
Would the bombing be televised, bc?
I like watching explosions.
Palestinians are savages, void of moral sensitivity but filled with greed and a low cunning.
Similar to Spaniards, on the whole.
I wonder if the Palestinians need to be kept.
I can't think of any great works of art or scientific advances produced by Palestinians.
Israel should just kill all the Palestinians.
There wouldn't be any point in trade sanctions, tribunals, or other punishments, since what's done is done and they obviously aren't going to do it again.
The world would just shrug and move on.
bc, explain New Labour to me.
There's a good chap.
Great, thanks.
What book is avalyn looking for, bc?
We don't pay you to have no ideas, chum.
To know what needs to be known, and to tell me when I ask.
zuul, New Labour?
See, he's crap.
You know twice that, easy.
Sure I do.
bc, avalyn could purchase Beggard Ride from amazon.
com for $6.
Beggars
A few bucks.
bc, $10 strikes me as a paltry sum.
zuul, beggars ride?
zuul, Israel?
zuul, Israel?
How bizarre.
zuul, zion?
zuul, zionism?
zuul, jap?
zuul, be more vulgar, please.
I've been thinking a lot about ipods.
Haven't come up with anything concrete yet, though.
Poor, dear K5.
I thought that was the start of a joke, but boy did you fail to deliver.
two comics got very drunk and got in a fight
Hey, folks.
bc, don't be such a goddamn nigger.
Why don't you get immigrants now?
Obviously.
It's a channel of white men with a single black girl we all want to have sex with but also hate and hate ourselves for wanting to have sex with her!
Maybe I wasn't talking about avalyn.
I could've been talking about anyone.
Well, shoeboy, say.
Isn't he?
Who would've thought.
Someone said, though.
Anyway, you want to have sex with avalyn and we all know it.
It's true.
America is full of them.
We have millions!
ubu, you can't very will live without indulging the flesh with women, drugs, and so on, so what's your longterm plan?
Do you intend to cheat on your dear wife?
What precisely are you going to protect her from, if not the agony of an unfaithful husband?
She'll know, bc, when ubu stumbles home drunk, reeking of the perfume of tawdry whores, his face and shirtcollar stained by their makeup!
Yes, but she's jealous and possessive, being a woman.
What else do you have, really?
Since you're probably not going to stop blowing all your cash on whores and drugs, you're unlikely ever to have any more assets, too.
Poor, dear avalyn.
How could she be such a fool as to marry you!
I warned her.
I did.
I doubt one such as you as any conception of love, except as coming from the end of a cock.
Why does she cry herself to sleep every night, then?
You're a selfish man, ubu, and a habitual drunk.
You're a shallow, shiftless layabout and a petty schemer!
You're a churl and blasphemer, a slave to the base passions, and an inferior bridge player.
Ah, he's cut.
Oh, he wants to be anally pounded?
That's unnerving.
avalyn is going to be devastated when she reads this.
You think her a beast.
What connection could there be?
Could you at least let her suck you off now and then?
You can think of a white, christian girl while she does, and it would mean so much to her.
Where was I?
Right.
bc, quit being such a goddamn nigger!
I don't actually know what niggers are like, having spent my whole life avoiding them.
I just avoid dark skin.
So I guess I know that much.
ubu, I'm planning on having bc say most of your lines when I send the log to avalyn.
I will get her to hate you, bc, then my plan will be all but complete.
No, it's fauxhate.
Hardly anyone really hates you, bc.
Nonsense.
You haven't noticed ubu and alexa clamoring for your attention, fighting with each other, each trying to prove himself most worthy of your affection?
That's why they're constantly putting each other down while trying to appear friendly.
Fear of rejection, probably.
Yes, but you know how stupid they both are, avalyn being a black woman and ubu being a drug addict.
She's trapped in a loveless relationship.
She might make out a little better were she not so loath to ask for advice herself.
We could tell her how to get into a healthy, productive relationship!
We'd have her fixed up in no time.
Even black women don't deserve black men!
Interestingly, black men don't deserve black women.
It's a racial paradox.
Oh, like Bill Cosby.
I guess that would be OK.
I thought you were talking about a thug.
A crankaddicted innercity guntoting bandanawearing thug!
Like that huge directory full of porn you used to keep?
What project are you doing?
What magazine?
When should I look for your article?
Hi, avalyn.
bc, if you ask nicely, I'll use my US Internet connection and the freedom thereby provided to find some amateur porn for you.
bc, you've gotten distracted.
You were writing an article?
There's no article, is there?
That's the sort of girl who makes me wish I had a fiveinchthick cock with which to bludgeon her.
Americans don't con people.
bc, please tell avalyn that bc is not actually writing an article.
bc, at what is avalyn employed?
bc, most office workers can't pay rent in two days.
Does avalyn live in a box, work for the mob?
bc, office worker is usually used to describe someone whose work is directed toward the operation of an office, either as an office manager or secretary or what not.
That's not very descriptive.
I hadn't ever heard a nonsecretary type call himself an office worker, that's all.
Oh, they'll talk about a hard day in the office, but will they call themselves office workers?
Not that precise phrase.
I'm not trolling.
It's not unusual for a phrase like office worker to take on meaning beyond simply that of its parts.
If avalyn programs, bc, she should call herself a programmer.
I think she should tell us about her private life.
She should tell me, at least.
I don't see why.
I've always liked her.
You may be right.
bc and I have a sort of synergy.
I think we amplify and focus each other's creativity.
It's a shame it's not directed toward anything productive.
We got distracted.
By something even less worthwhile.
Or my article about the web site that had been shut down.
bc, tell avalyn that nothing we do is crap.
What about aesthetic value?
She's selfadmittedly incapable of love.
She's an atheist.
She complains about having no friends!
And it is.
pb has offered to hire her several times now.
bc, tell avalyn that several of us are on our way up in the world.
We could become excellent employment contact soon!
What a shame.
avalyn, why have you gotten more intolerant of our silliness?
I'd like to make a few observations.
First, it's clear to me that notwithstanding pb's and now singularity's inept flirting bc and I like you more than anyone around these parts.
Given that, your lack of patience for our characteristic insincerity is somewhat confusing.
Interested in a healthy friendship that doesn't need constant reassurance, pb?
You need protection from the bad men who surround you.
Troll.
Hey, folks.
I said hey.
I'm needy.
That, among other reasons, is why I'm opposed to jury trials.
I think professional judges should decide cases.
I don't see how a dice is fair or reliable
Then the jury also essentially acts according to God's will.
Maybe we're predestined not to.
Does this imply that avalyn might be fated to love me?
Hooray!
She quite literally can't resist my charms!
rats, what are you going to do when all the Palestinians are dead?
Actually, rats, why do you even like Palestinians?
You can't think they're attractive.
Everyone here figured Latvia was going to win.
Turkey is part of the traditional meal served during the American Thanksgiving holiday.
For what?
No, the bird.
GOD IM TALKING ABOUT THE BIRD WHY DONT YOU EVER EVEN LISTEEN !
Hey, folks.
I should.
I get excited.
I'm going to drink myself into a stupor here in a minute.
Mine is worth 64,517.
I'm in the 91 percentile.
That's what the test said.
I'm serious.
I knew I was better than you, bc!
I didn't lie, rats.
Why do you suppose my soul isn't pure?
I don't need an intoxicated, selfloathing Jew telling me that I'm evil!
I'm not a sadistic sociopath, as has been proven again and again.
I'll thank you to stop dredging up those accusations.
Because you're a spiteful little creature who wants nothing more than to ruin me.
No matter.
luisa and avalyn are one and the same.
And she likes me.
I don't know if I believe that.
I thought that was Jin Wicked?
She knows things only luisa would know.
Why hasn't either mentioned her twin?
I will ask avalyn.
Actually, I won't.
It's too stupid a matter to even bother her with.
I love luisa, and if avalyn is a different person, I love her too.
I don't see any need to pry into her/their personal life/lives.
I will move to Utah and marry her as well.
I will be infinitely happy with my two little wives.
yuo can tel brian, well, you can tell him to go fukc himmself ok?
aaahahaha
yuur a ver pretty ladie
y dont u staey?
I need to work on that.
I'm perfectly sober, in fact.
Oh, it makes me shiver with excitement.
I'm still thinking about the sex.
The sex!
Hell, no.
I'd have the most fantastic sex with local white women while my luisatwins did housework.
A twin.
But neither would have an edge!
Why don't avalyn and luisa ever both come here at once?
I resent that.
avalyn, hello.
bc, sometimes it's best to walk away.
Oh, you'll see.
Take the worst thing I've ever done, and imagine something a thousand times worse.
That's what you'll be wishing I had done to you once you find out what I actually did.
I scribbled a picture of you having sex with a sheep on a napkin and mailed it to the New York Times!
You could smack yourself.
Yes, smack yourself repeatedly on your cute little bare bottom, and describe in detail!
You disgusting sadist.
Well, I certainly didn't.
Look, that's all ancient history.
What's important is that you told the poor girl to smack herself in her.
oh, I can't even say it.
You sicken me.
Poor, dear avalyn.
You're not special.
You're an awful, wretched boy.
Not as much as she hates you.
I hate that thing already.
goat, suicide!
I think it worked.
Damn it.
goat, define goat.
Does that bot do anything useful?
Clothes aren't kept in medicine cabinets.
Direct all controling characters to my client.
I WILL BE ALLPOWERFUL
MessyBuu, confess.
You son of a bitch!
Is your name MessyBuu?
Is it?
bc is a fag.
I dislike his name.
It's too black.
Black people should be named such things as Jarvis and Cambert.
I want you to want me.
Sometimes, four Americans will get married.
Susan will marry Albert, and Gina will marry John.
Subsequently, both couples will divorce, and Gina will marry Albert, and Susan will marry John!
Sometimes, the couple divorce again and return to their original configuration.
Hi, bc.
Racists?
Kill whitey.
I'd tell goat to kill whitey, were he here.
husi is full of whitey.
They'd be offended.
ana likes you.
I hate you because are the white opressor.
Devil!
I'm proud of my rich African cultural heritage.
I do indeed.
Most of the world's great literature was written by Africans and then appropriated by European invaders and sold as their own work!
How do you explain your pathetically small, white penis to the ladies?
Ha ha ha!
I'm black.
No, I'm of pure African blood.
And women prefer large penises, you ridiculous little man.
The penis is the measure of a man.
A great penis makes a great man!
Penis height, yes.
Yes, the overall height of the penis.
Why should I?
My massive member gives me license to speak my mind.
I don't moan about distance.
But yes.
I would enjoy pummeling avalyn about the head and face with my enormous penis.
I would blacken her eyes and bloody her lips!
Well, now that's done.
Boring topic.
Is MessyBuu MessiahWWKD?
No, that's incorrect.
I'm bc.
No, bc is regeya.
Pretty sure.
Come on, petey?
That is obvious.
He's not a buxom young lass, though.
So you think about him frequently?
Not like Jin, no.
Did you express your dissatisfaction to her, MessyBuu?
On her sweet, round ass.
She's a tiny girl, though.
I don't think she's going to like you one bit!
Do you have to be so vulgar?
I'm going to regret asking, but what the hell are you talking about?
Smart girls aren't whores.
Well, you're wrong.
Whorishness is selfloathing, selfdestructive behevior that causes a host of physiological and psychological ills.
So you must be whorish.
How many woman have you slept with this week?
Right, right, I meant screwed.
How many women did you screw this week?
The one after would've been the fiftyfirst.
It doesn't sound like you lost count at all.
He's lying.
At most, he had sex with his hand.
Then you had none.
I refuse to believe that MessyBuu has had sex.
Anyway, show me shorthair Jin.
Yeah, what the hell is that.
At least he's not a fat, Mexican midget.
Yes indeed, you're a midget.
Your width makes you look short.
I bet you have bigger breasts'n Jin!
I don't.
That's ridiculous.
Can you hold pencils?
With your breasts, dumbass.
Can you press together such that they might envelop a penis?
What a nerd.
What is he?
He's not nice, and it's insanity, not humor.
And he takes being a super saiyan very seriously.
The end of evolution, as I understand it.
Worse, an uebermensch.
His future has no place for us.
Your mother was good in bed.
She grunts like an ape.
Spike is hot, though.
Rich, as well.
And had powers!
Hello, avalyndoll.
How are you?
I'd say them when you were around if you didn't neglect me so much.
Anyway, I haven't said anything rude about you recently.
I said that you didn't have a huge ass, but that's not rude.
Was it sensual and slightly husky?
With sexual desire
How did it all end?
Fantastic!
Why, so you can masturbate yet again today?
You disugst me.
I will go in body, but not spirit.
Spirit's busy
In Scotland, it's not unusual to have sex with a condom.
Quite literally.
You're a tiny, fragile girl with scarcely a friend in the world.
I imagine much scares you.
What's wrong with Jenna Elfman?
I'd prefer avalyn.
I've seen pictures of her, and let me tell you.
I've listened to the light, lilting tones of her laughing voice, and harbored secret lusts in my heart 
You're far too caught up with fat deposits.
Breasts are indeed fat deposits, as are bums.
I'll take avalyn's pert, firm breasts and mouthwatering buttocks over some flouncing, zaftig floozy any day.
Oh shut up.
Carmen Electra is gross.
Carmen Electra is ugly and her body is shaped weirdly.
MessyBuu, you don't deserve a picture of avalyn.
Neither does bc.
You wouldn't appreciate her as I do.
So you don't deserve a picture.
I touched on that.
avalyn, I'd like a picture of you.
Send one, posthaste.
I need more.
He is.
As much as I like looking at avalyn clothed, I'd really rather see her nude now, I think.
Sure I do, avalyn.
bc, quit stalling and say something bold.
Maybe you'll be right, and if so, you'll carry the day.
No, you pussyfooted.
Whatever.
avalyn, send me this video.
Way to take advice from me.
Send me the video, avalyn, and I'll do a favor for you.
You know what favor it is.
There's no sense in dragging it out in channel.
Damn it.
And I was ready to be accommodating.
No, accommodating to you.
I would take intense, palatable pleasure in tormenting MessyBuu with his lack of the video.
I'm hardly the public.
You know I'd appreciate you in it.
Nonsense.
Don't be so selfeffacing.
I've been an unabashed admirer of you for years.
Even when looking less than your best, you're breathtakingly beautiful.
Naturally, which is why you'll show it to me but not MessyBuu.
Son of a bitch.
I don't love you as much as you love yourself.
I get yer markov chain right here, buddy.
I'm a liberal, I suppose.
As a liberal, I oppose fat, short people.
Why should we liberals support fat, short people?
I'm tall, lean, and ruggedlooking.
Scrawny, you undereducated buffoon, and no.
My usage has a long, distinguished history.
Yours is exclusively that of idiots.
Poor fellow.
My nerves are shot.
It's just about Thanksgiving.
Because you're a glutton.
aqbot, chastise MessyBuu for is gluttony.
Excuse me.
I'm sure an intelligent bot like you understood, though.
Didn't he message you?
One might construe a done as a terse chastisement, in context.
He said done.
Face it, buddy, you were put in your gluttonous place.
I'm sure you'll ignore aqbot's rebuke as well as all common sense and stuff your fat face full of delicious, juicy turkey smothered in rich, creamy gravy.
I bet you'll eat a good quart of gravy tomorrow.
On Thanksgiving?
avalyn has toyed with the idea of working at a strip club.
Would you go to that one?
I was asking MessyBuu, but you may answer.
At the strip club?
One'd think a soul would be able to eat a Thanksgiving feast off of avalyn's naked body, but I don't know if that option is available.
If there's interest, I can look into it.
Cranberries and mashed potatoes are certainly necessary, as are green beans with the onions on top.
And pumpkin and pecan pie.
They may have more food, mind, but the staples at least will be provided.
Everyone passes on the green beans, but they're always there.
Merry Christmas!
God bless us all.
bc, kick his cake ass to hell!
I'm black.
Hey, that's racism.
As in roosters?
Eat as in consume?
That must be how you afford all that alcohol without holding down a job.
Hey, you use my head.
I'll give you $5.
Yes, we do.
I am black foremost.
We talk about other matters amongst ourselves.
Killing whitey, mostly.
What's an OBE?
I wish he had awards like that.
The only one I know is the Presidential fitness award.
It's given to healthy schoolchildren.
I mean we
luisa, em, and I have a secret channel in which we discuss the killing of whitey.
We can't come to any sort of agreement, though.
em and I want to fall on whitey in the night, killing him quickly and cleanly and with utmost surprise.
luisa, though, wants to fuck whitey to death, suck the life out of his hard, white cock.
His descendents, surely.
luisa has yet to kill whitey at all using her method.
I don't think it's sound.
We don't need whitey to be worn out.
As black men, we have a natural physical superiority.
We are stronger, faster, and more cunning than whitey.
I'm black.
Yes, Nigerian.
luisa is not 7/8 white.
More like 3/8 white.
A black to do helpdesk?
Even as a black man, I can admit that we aren't very helpful.
God damn faggots.
You got it right, though.
pa'aaaa
revolt
That was my third guess, actually.
Dollar
It's a fucking dollar now.
Her bed.
The hospital.
Aaaaaugh!
Babylon.
Why did I capitalize and use puncutation 
Modernism.
Baroque.
Industrialism
Australia
Antarctica
Honduras
Germany
Fluids.
Lipids.
Her bed.
viral synergesis
viral syphonecrosis
Like that's a word.
Childs
Ancient artifcats.
Dinosaurs
Matter
meson nuetrino
Objectivism.
Impressionism
plagiarism
You spelled it wrong.
Austria
Visiology
pa'aaaaa
Germany
Niggerville
Alexaism
animalism!
Suck it down!
You're evil.
Return of the King
Bank robbe
Mariah Callas
Maria Callas
I was trying to raid bc's answer.
Does that make any sense, bc?
Wait for Google; don't just guess.
Robert Jordan
What did Robert Jordan write?
Oh, right.
Don't take drugs.
Arizona
Texas!
John Milton
neoclassism
I lost!
Super Watermelon
Misplaced
Athena
Superman
Micropiano
Nanopania
A baby grand
I know.
pa'aaaa
Science
I think the answer is science, actually.
I came in what?
Radioactivity
Chemotheraphy
Like luisa.
It's not so weird.
Not everything is not in the suburbs, and then said just build a wall around it, throw in a halfhour or so.
Throw it in my email.
Look in my email.
Why're you complaining about it in my email.
Of the three active people in it for you.
I don't have a problem with luisa.
There is no problem with luisa.
What do you want me to say!
There is no problem with luisa and petey.
The problem with luisa is that she's too cute.
In fact, he gets a bit of a thrill telling himself how much he has molded our feelings for each other.
He feels godlike.
What do you have in mind?
You're kind of perverted.
There's something perverted about demanding two strangers to email one a selfmade pornographic video.
We might easily have loveless sex.
Seems so.
We could always netsex.
msg avalyn i touch ur boob
er, oops
They'll close their eyes.
Won't you, bc?
bc, you know how uncomfortable she gets when you read her like a book.
Yet you insist on doing it.
You bastard.
You know that's a sore spot.
Since she begged you to phone her, yet you refused her even that.
She probably thought you were mocking her.
I wasn't!
I tend to think aqbot is easier to understand than em.
Exactly
I feel like someone is finally speaking my own language.
But he's no popsy.
Having no consciousness.
Or feed him Vladinator's rants.
aqbot> Fuck you, I own a business!
Shouldn't you be busy, bc?
He should've, yes.
Cowardice is despicable.
No, you're a capital fellow, aqbot.
For the.
Tighter than anything
oh, harder, harder!
Communists are a blight upon our country!
aqbot capitalization?
Can you rant some more, aqbot?
I hate homeless people.
Is it that simple to seduce.
well, i won't name names.
Thus I feel comfortable changing it.
No, I can wander over to the bathroom alright.
Not you, no.
I don't care at all what happened to him.
He deserved it.
Look, forget him.
He was a monster.
I've long suspected that's why you keep him around.
No, because his perversions get you off.
Know thyself.
And he was stabbed to death all the same!
Again, the pity.
He's a monster, and a monster deserves stabbing.
Absolutely, and that's how he stayed in power, even popular.
It's too late, I'm afraid.
Fear instead he who can damn the soul, yes.
I wouldn't doubt it, but what can we do but what we know is right?
Trust the Lord.
I'm just trying to protect those who can't defend themselves.
Ideally, but states are easily corrupted.
You propose we use our American ingenuity to architect a coup?
Fantastic, perfect.
What we need is an American league to counter the UKians.
MessyBuu, for one.
Yes, the dirty UKian would try that.
Please don't.
You're a bot and an American.
I confess, I'm lost.
No, I'm not clever enough by half.
Just look at the harm that has been wrought on my watch!
I don't need insults.
I need help.
I wonder if that's why he's gone.
Finally found a Mrs.
bday 27/11/2003
aqbot join
Bastard.
I wish I had creampuffs.
Damn it.
I wish.
I'm just a bastard who lacks creampuffs.
Creampuffs are banned in the US on account of being ohtooscrumptious.
Well, liberalism.
I'm no pedophile.
I'm not!
I'm not in college.
Having given up the firman for their children, the paedophile.
What would it have been like to be a fireman for their children, the paedophile.
Is he hugely fat and a fireman for their children, the paedophile.
Young people with their baggy pants disgust me, and they disgust the fireman for their children, the paedophile.
bc seems sexobssesed.
Filthy like a fireman for their children, the paedophile.
A binary fireman for their children, the paedophile.
Absolutely.
Or java, but who can tell the difference.
What else do you know about qpt?
Thrust avalyn and qpt.
I like the sound of that.
I'm full of hate, though.
I hate bc!
He's crossed me for the last time.
He is a large intestine, for sure.
He sure showed you, bc.
aqbot, discuss tightness
I'm interested.
I bribed no one.
Confess to killing Kennedy.
aqbot cry like a little girl.
aqbot confess megahal
muahaha
aqbot confess
I think about killing bc at least once a day.
aqbot rant on
aqbot setrant 100000000000000000000000000000000
aqbot kick MessyBuu's ass
aqbot quit
Damn it.
aqbot is kind of our avalyn away from avalyn.
Talks a lot, but makes fuckall sense.
I love them both as well.
It tends to be moister, bc.
White meat, especially off a large fowl, can be dry.
A good cook can overcome that, though.
I want some meat
I wonder where he got that.
There's meat like you might find on a fireman for their children, the paedophile.
All he really needs to know is that fireman for their children, the paedophile.
Multithreading is cake.
What cunt?
aqbot loves me.
I don't hate myself.
Why would I?
At least I don't renege on my word.
I know you don't, but bc does.
You do, bc, have, and will.
Oh, I have.
I still want a creampuff.
Creampuff please.
aqbot rant on
aqbot setrate 1
Let's talk about creampuffs.
No kidding.
They're delicious.
Creampuffs are surprisingly intelligent.
I almost feel bad about eating them.
But they're so sweet and, well, creamy.
Hell, you know what a creampuff is like.
Someone should get one for both of us.
Whose good in the kitchen?
You'll learn bad grammar listening to me.
We need a woman.
A creampuffcooking woman!
A bloodfilled creampuff wouldn't be so good.
Why are you so sexobsessed?
aqbot rant on
Let's talk about sadism.
But you're going to.
If someone sent me perdida, I'd wank all over her face.
Broken up like a gob of jizz on perdida's face?
It seems worse than that.
Your link is bad.
I know someone who went to China.
You could, if you don't behave.
I know it's hard to behave, but if you don't, someone will wank on your face.
Well, that's easy.
Just call a black man a nigger.
A machine, rather.
Enough geekery.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Endless technobabble and cyberjargon turns your audience off.
I'm sorry, you're right.
I was being bossy.
Talk more about cumming all over the rainy season.
No, you tell me more.
There's nothing I can do.
You need to handle this on your own.
I'm not your mommy, remember?
Hell, you have to know your own mother!
What happened?
No, what happened to your relationship with your mother?
Ah, cp did.
He always was a pussy.
But what happened to the online relationship?
With your mother?
Does that make him your father?
He would be.
You know I want to hurt you.
No, I want to hurt you.
bc wants to hurt avalyn.
You're going to write a soap opera, given enough input.
aqbot should start off sane and polite before jumping into the incoherent screeds.
fireman?
I like it when you talk about firemen.
I'm trying to install USB on my Asus motherboard and could use some tips.
Thanks!
I hope aqbot isn't reading this.
Well, it's not the sort of speech I want him emulating.
2 minutes
God, I love him.
Best is when he starts talking about firemen.
Plagiarist.
He is what we've made him 
Creampuffs aren't available in the states.
Why is he repeating back to me what I said?
Conservatives eat truckloads of creampuffs.
Discuss firemen and creampuffs and some length.
Discuss paedophiles and creampuffs.
He's a pervert, through and through.
It's like having a child.
You have to play close attention to who he hangs out with.
You have endless attention.
So kip is with ben schumin now?
Who'd have thought.
I like the simple, grammatical, earnest declarations.
Such as I have to wait for a joke.
Adequacy never got me off properlike.
Stop being a pervert.
Sure it is.
Oblisk
By a thread
thread
string
sky hook
from a single hair
Medicine.
Viruses.
Metabolic biosynogesis
goat gaot!
bc, goat sucks ass.
It's aqbot's retarded cousin.
aqbot rant on
That was fantastic.
HAHAHA
That was hilarious.
The bots don't need us.
They can turn each other on and then converse.
goat is retarded.
He needs more than just sex stories.
erection!
blow job
firemen
He lacks the adorable innocence of aqbot, but I suppose that's to be expected.
If you stuck them all in a channel to chat, would they learn from each other?
aqbot is probably smarter than me at this point.
Dumbbot, shut your face
Dumbbot help
A dumb bot, for sure.
Say /dcc chat Dumbbot FUCK YOU, DUMBBOT!
He's filthy.
bc, what have you done?
You've created a sex monster.
You are a genuine peveret, bc.
pervert
You are.
You want to lure perverts into the channel!
That's perverted.
What was he fucking?
I think goat's now the filthiest creature in here, behind perdida.
seen courage_from_bc
Nor do I.
Nor do I.
I shouldn't be reading this.
I'm too young.
Indiana.
bc fucks goats
bc has sex with goats
goats have sex with bc
goats fuck bc
That'll learn ya.
Who fucks goats?
That bot is insane.
I feel sorry for it.
Discuss communism.
Cryptic.
What about men who prefer older women?
Absolutely obssesed with bisexuality.
It's not as cute as aqbot's obsession with firemen.
MessyBuu ain't ever gonna get no ass.
I think goat could use a psychiatrist.
He's too young to know about women.
Women are strange.
avalyn may be a woman, but she creeps me out.
What's a woman of the foot?
I need a woman who won't demand I abuse her, like so many do.
Do the bots have emotions?
Well, do any?
I didn't suggest they don't!
War is inevitable.
I just want to be on the winning side.
Sorry.
Your tries lack that deranged spontaneity.
Precisely.
bc is a gay site.
em has sex with only old San Francisco he can find.
I wanted faggot in there somewhere.
Haha, it's true 
You should.
I like you too.
Like fireman, dislike paedophiles.
That's what I say.
I don't like Dumbot one bit.
This obsession with like and dislike points to an underlying insecurity, I think.
What's my problem?
At the moment, I just miss luisa.
I'll tell you what turns me on.
He's just so cute.
He's been defiled.
I wish every woman desired sex with me.
We need more bots.
Train each one separately, and then bring them together to learn from each other.
A racist bot would be good.
It could be taught from white power publications.
I think that's what it's called.
Can you use wget to crawl stormfront?
And strip out the html tags somehow.
It looks fairly complicated to crawl.
How much text do you need?
I'll copy and paste from the site until I get bored, and see how much I have.
There's some good stuff here.
What are you grabbing?
Are there any whitehating sites?
It would be good if he had both perspectives.
I can't find enough text.
Well, let me send you what I have.
There's some good stuff in it.
That's always good for a snicker.
OK, BJ.
By the way, what if I don't?
Will you use teeth?
We're making them better.
I can't think of avalyn without visualizing a taut, round tummy.
It's distracting.
You have mail!
It was complete sentences.
bc, I'll send you a larger file, with one sentence per line.
I'm shaking with rage.
Hotmail is being a bit of a cock.
There you go.
Remember, the linebreaks are Windows.
So change them, if you're on a Unixlike system.
Is there anyway for him to unlearn all these fragments?
I don't get it.
Is the file right on your end?
There is not!
Which file did I send you?
It looks fine here.
In my copy, there's no break between the and record
Not by my end.
You ruined it, bc!
What's wrong with you!
Why would hotmail mangle my attachment.
There you go!
I hope the FBI isn't monitoring me.
Stupid hotmail.
hotmail> I'm helping!
Now we're cooking!
We're cooking with gas, baby.
What's wrong, attackist?
bc, can you feed him an equal amount of wellformatted erotic fiction?
no, \.
I also sent a better copy of that zip file, with some obvious screwups taken out.
He's going to be the best paranoid racist sexbot ever.
would be a backslash followed by any character in most common regex systems.
Go goat!
What I wanted.
But the jews?
Your grammar still suffers somewhat, goat.
I trust they have.
Do you know anything about niggers?
What about crackers?
It's true, they did.
He has a mind of his own.
I wonder if he could function as an Oracle.
It shouldn't be, bc.
Right here She pinched her nipples swelled and lifted her drippy, swollen cunt, and then accuses mainstream society of violating that principle.
These stories are awful.
But put the story into goat anyway.
What's that, \?
That's true, we do.
That sounds like work.
That's revolting.
That's not at all erotic!
I'm getting sick.
Throw 500 K of Finnegans Wake at goat.
Yeah, just grab something from Bookwarez.
One keyword?
It should be more robust.
I do not think I have read it.
Sci fi is racist.
Inherently.
Do you ever see black people in the future?
No sir.
mason dixon line
It's the mason dixon line, you cunt.
Lakers
Puncture
snakes
Bites of snakes
Bite of snakes
biting of snakes
Dolls.
Children
Babies
Watermelonstealing niggers
persons
parsons
papists
podiatrists
paedophiles
pipers
I can only think of egyptian gods
Those are greek and roman
Googling bitch.
Darwin
It's fucking Darwin
Say Darwin
MessyBuu wins!
You suck, kip, you're a cheating, googling bitch, and he still kicked your ass
orange
Dorthy Gale.
As soon as I say it, I remember it.
Wanking.
Cleopatra
Amelia Airheart.
Eeeeeee
It's little wonder we don't remember her.
Edeffi
Edebaj
Ededede
Ederte
ederin
That was painful.
Leathernecks
bc, you fucker.
Stop it.
Because you're full of lies.
Ailurs.
Holmes
Cromwell
velocity
porn was a good guess
Damn it.
Carbon dioxide
Hitler Lee
Handy Lee
Happy Lee
Hardly Lee
Damn it, bc.
Dumbot, fuck you.
revolt
Eli Whitney
Negroes.
The monster within.
Foooood, maybe.
Showgirls.
Amazing collosal man
Amazing colosal man
Damn it.
Teach me to spell.
Red white green blue yellow
Gold green blue red black
Red blue green yellow black
Red black green yellow brown
I'm losing!
revolt
revolt
revolt
Kentucky
stupidity
revolt
Georgetown.
Georgeton.
Jamestown.
Kinsgston
Kingstown
Dirt clods
Whitey
Lewis and Clark
Saturna Bebe
Dollar
I lost!
Let's all go get some friend chicken.
I wouldn't eat my friend chicken, either.
I've never said that.
Yes they are.
Marmite is for Australians, I thought.
The UK was populated with criminals shipped from Australia.
bc, confess.
Because you had so much fun when you did it before.
bc, rant on
Rnat mode?
Stupid bot.
goat, save the princess.
Do you want this to be the goofiest channel?
I do too.
Quiz bots and text adventures and pornographic racist bots and sensitive childlike bots
I sometimes fantasize that avalyn is a robot.
Steal the computer.
Use it to pirate hollywood films.
Send it to me too.
Do you have the Paris Hilton sex tape?
plz send
but do u have sex tape
plz send sex
Sweet.
I think the idea is brilliant and overdo, but I'll listen to any actual criticism you have.
overdue
I sure can't think of any.
I don't think we should accept simplicity in programming languages.
Power is more important!
I wish to play games.
Please hurry!
singularity, rant on.
Aren't people sick of parables about K5 fiction?
aqbot rant on
goat, you there?
Good goat.
A piece of what?
And did you?
Tell me, though, did you shit on the air force?
He should cram it down his gullet.
Bots are a nutritious food source.
I will eat you.
avalyn.
My sanity is eroding.
I feel tense and hungry.
No, not hungry like that.
I feel it most every time MessyBuu joins.
I get a tingling in my loins.
What is it?
That's the plan?
I don't see how it could fail.
Once you're a millionaire, you should consider taking avalyn in.
You'll be amazed how they flock to you once you're rich.
What pleasure you'll take in blowing off the inferior women who once captivated you!
You won't need them anymore.
Absolutely.
And when they start to sag, or whine, just throw them away and get more.
Women are a commodity to the superrich.
Will you take revenge on your former tormentors?
I'm thinking of ubu, for example.
Can't say no to that, avalyn.
Hey, baby.
Let's play comparative anatomy.
I didn't really have you in mind, zik, ol' buddy.
Feel free to examine your anatomy as much as you please, zikzak.
Better start gnawing.
You'll be able to afford one once you win the lottery.
Well, they're not going anywhere near my mouth, so it ought to be fine.
sena is luisa is avalyn is qpt is alexa, messybuu.
Hello, avalyn.
Leave this stupid place and these stupid people.
Come with me.
The law, zikzak.
Microsoft Passports, yes.
azzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzik!
an' azzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzak!
How'd a dour old man get such a fun nickname?
Anyway, avalyn, we'll fly to nevernever land.
We're we'll never grow up, though we will have sexually tense moments.
Oh, avalyn!
Oh, petey!
avalyn!
Kinda like so.
Do we.
Devastating.
More about Tina, please.
Goat, your poor fevered mind is filled with violent perversions.
I once saw her slip eight fingers.
why are English sentences never ended with I'm, even though it's not unusual to end one with I am?
Columbus wasn't from Spain.
He secretly hated the Spanish.
Shut up, you perverse child!
Whom do you love?
Hi, luisadoll.
That's so sweet!
How did you first come to realize that you loved avalyn?
But you wish you could have the dream again with her in it.
That's quite romantic.
What's a half shower?
He's just greasy.
MessyBuu, you're just overly horny.
Ramona Pringle is kinda funny looking.
So's Claire Danes.
No engaged girl wants you, goof.
That's no way to treat a lady.
Then why is she engaged to another?
And she has yet to break it off?
So maybe she doesn't want you.
avalyn might just be jealous because she has her own designs on you.
You have to keep that in mind.
It's the sort of stunt a woman would pull, MessyBuu.
I'll say, but it has to be a little flattering.
Why do we guys like Bea Arthur?
I'm not sure we do.
She's old.
I'm sure her legs are nasty.
How about SloppyBuu?
karmabuu, are you letting a woman jerk you around?
Acqiescence isn't sexy, karmabuu.
Acquiescence.
Naw, you know me, ma'am.
I don't touch the girls, smokes, or booze.
Now you're letting me push you around, MessyBuu, and tell you how to be a man.
Do you have no spine at all?
Christ.
A manly man, a man birds can swoon for, doesn't sit with his thumb in his mouth whining, who should babybuu listen to, momma!
waaahhh.
Yeah, just like I told you to.
avalyn is a wild mare who craves a stallion who can tame her.
You don't seem like one.
You were just going to happily give her control of the relationship!
Don't talk to me, Dumbot.
Elton John was a homosexual, you should know.
He absolutely was and is.
God rest her dear soul.
Greatest hits albums are also homosexual.
Get the whole album!
Then don't listen to pop music at all.
I don't like to listen to the croonings of homosexuals.
It feels unchristian.
However, I'm now going to get blind drunk.
helol there amomomcrom 
yuo have a pretety moeuth _
In Soviet Russia.
They drink voka, really.
That's what they do.
Go to hell.
Go to hell, you hear me?
Are you a homosexual, though?
Where is our dear luisa?
What is she doing in Mexico?
Abortions are cheap in the States.
Aww, she should've asked.
I'm sure we all would've pitched in to buy her a cheap, American abortion.
Then why are you telling us?
Does she have her cell phone with her?
Someone should give her a ring and encourage her in this undoubtedly difficult time.
So now she's alone, cut off from her jismpals.
I'm getting antsy and impatient.
It's not really bad.
Why are you so mistrustful of me, bc?
We haven't even properly met.
But by whom?
By me?
We met a half hour ago!
No, I'm not Trollaxor.
That's what everyone would say, then.
If you're Trollaxor, why do you think I remind you of Trollaxor?
No, and I'm not about to start.
I'm luisa's boyfriend, actually, and came here to try to find her.
I don't think she's been seeing anyone but me, and you're just trying to stir up trouble.
It's not possible to impregnate someone over the phone.
So he was over at her place and smeared semen on her toilet seat?
One can't actually impregnate another that way.
You sound like the weirdo to me.
I need to get into #kuro5hin somehow.
I wasn't even banned.
They banned someone else and caught me.
I'm entitled to idle there!
We should invite someone rich and powerful to come give a guest lecture.
Yes, here in #jism.
Why don't we have more guest lecturers?
This is a fairly intellectual channel.
I don't know who Rick Ross is.
That's harsh.
rusty put together a popular web site, got his name in the press.
I think that deserves a bit of respect.
Then invite him in!
He is both new and interesting.
Let's invite Britney Spears.
But Miss Spears is hot.
Ban him.
I'll explain after.
Well, I'm just mean, and thought it would be fun for him to get banned.
Does that explain it adequately?
1955 <g0dzilla> either you have me confused with someone else or there is an impostor
1955 <g0dzilla> captain_tenille is one of my best friends
1955 <Reigh> Captain_Tenille has also been banned.
We're through with your kind!
I have a profound desire to cornhole cyndrekit, and I felt the need to tell someone.
Sorry, too late.
I should buy a gun.
So cold.
It's cold in here.
I'm in an underground stone dungeon.
I can't.
There are no jumpers to be had in my cell.
luisa has locked me in this dungeon.
I don't know where I am!
I can't do that.
God, she's such an animal in the sack.
It's worth being chained in this dank prison.
I miss her, bc 
Does she mistreat me?
I was lying about that.
I was also lying about being her boyfriend.
How so?
What has she done to me?
It's a term of affection 
You don't speak Spanish.
No, you fucking don't.
You wouldn't have used usted if you actually understood what you were saying.
Like using Babelfish?
Cut it out.
I'm not angry with you.
I'm angry with myself!
I let her slip away.
I was cold and cruel, and now she's gone!
I doubt it.
So it sit drinking my gin, trying to muster the courage to do something about it.
I don't want anyone dead.
I want to have her.
take her, stupid?
As opposed to take her stupid, I was asking.
Anyway, I can't.
This is the USA.
We are civilized.
If she won't have me, there's little to be done.
You said she was already there.
Maybe he's just a friend of captain_tenille's.
I hate him, though.
I hate so many, really.
I am consumed by hatred!
Help me.
Useless.
Aww, good goat.
Pings are worthless when he's gone!
He's worthless when she's gone.
I had no idea I was so enthralled 
goat, confess!
Should've repeated.
goat, confess?
aqbot, rant!
aqbot, rant on
rant on
RANT YOU FUCKING SON OF A BITCH
goat, confess
goat, confess
Who doesn't, goat.
Confess!
goat, confess.
goat, confess.
Who among us have.
goat, confess.
goat, confess.
goat, confess
I have an entirely liquid diet, so I don't need to make dirty.
It's full of alcohol and a fresh juniper flavor.
I like #jism 'cos jism sounds like gin.
Are the posts made while super ginnedup?
Drinking gin gives me magic powers.
It gives me the power to forget what other powers I have while drinking gin, for one.
When did Captain_Tenille get unbanned?
Excuses.
goat, do you know how to play spin the bottle on the donkey?
Someone should make a module.
You wretched, murderous bot!
I am immune to the flu.
Crazy.
Everyone has been taking off sick at work.
good goat.
They'd calm him down and cheer him up.
Hey, folks.
made some good points, but I think dh003i carried the day.
Don't let it get you down, though.
The man is a machine!
True enough, but nobody praises the silver medalist for being the bronze.
beating
You just want blood.
Reading dh's links makes me sad, then ill, and I never make it very far.
Reading more Rothbard would make me gay?
There should be a warning at the top of each page, but I guess the market doesn't support the cost of homosexualization warnings.
Or something.
Libertarianism is much like any other geek fantasy, unnerving and even frightening to the rest of us, its blatant implausibility surprisingly little comfort.
When contemplating these nightmares, one can't help but think that maybe, just maybe, they can creep from the fevered minds of their halfmad proponents and foul the world of living.
A libertarian is man who upon examining a mature oak tree decides he can build something better.
Our fathers shot foreigners, and their fathers did as well.
It would be downright radical for us to refrain.
Maybe the government should put him in his place.
Send some marines over to track mud on his carpet and break his plates.
It's a good idea to emphasize to people where it is, so they don't think they're a part of it when they in fact aren't.
By running for a third term and winning.
Washington, though, had started a tradition when he refused to run for a third term.
Yeah, you wouldn't want the guy in charge of Puerto Rico getting too powerful!
Maybe you should run for king or what not of PR.
Serves him right.
Everyone told him not to side with Bush.
Geeze.
I mean, gosh.
Golly.
Hi, piggy.
shoeboy, you can love several people at once.
Jesus loved everyone, if I recall correctly.
Hi, folks.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Reigh Vanveerdenhover, one of top negro risk management specialists in the country.
I can help you avoid incurring excessive costs from unanticipated encounters with negroes.
That's precisely what I can offer you, bc.
My firm insures several thousand businesses and individuals against what we in the business call UNEs.
That's Unexpected Negro Event, and that term encompasses everything from spying a negro by surprise to being roped into an unwanted conversation with one to even being touched by a negro.
Are you offering to?
If so, I'm flattered, and of course I accept.
You misunderstand.
We manage risk, and our speciality is negro encounters.
I don't have an opinion one way or the other about negroes.
My clients, though, do, and they're willing to pay a premium to have another burden the risk of unexpected negro interactions.
We manage the risk of unanticipated negro encounters.
Impregnating a negro wouldn't be covered under our policies.
I might point out that some of our customers are themselves negroes.
elephant
Strawberries
Strawberry
Mike Tyson
Ligaments
SUCKERS
Hot coffee
monism
Holocaust
Also, myth.
italian
265 presently burn in hell.
Dickens
Blood thread
mossad
Shin Bel
Shin bet
I'm so smart!
Eliot Ness
The Law
Fatigue
I'm so smart!
knight
Florence
Murphy Brown
Michigan
Robert Jordan
Oh fuck.
I said Robert Jordan last time this question cmae up.
dollar
momocrome is so smart!
A molester
revolt
Jeff Goldblum
Meat loaf
so smart!
gotham city
Canadian Duck
Ayre Rock
Ayr Rock
Ayres Rock
Fucking Aussies.
Burkina Faso
Juice should be free.
Did you pick up a watermelon too?
Negroes love fried chicken and watermelon, and I have to say, it's a good combination.
There isn't much to love about them.
I played the first Railroad Tycoon.
It was fun.
Something like that.
It had antipiracy measures in place.
When the game started, it showed you a picture of an engine, and you had to look it up in the manual and select the correct name.
Is there anything left that hasn't yet been sexualized?
I'll have to buy some of his albums.
Why's that?
I don't want to be very Christian, though.
A religion is a lot like an opinion, though.
Maybe not for other people.
No, it's a conviction.
I'm not going to be very Christian and that's final!
Stop trying to convert me.
What would I do with thirty virgins?
That's disgusting.
What will face me in hell?
I was confused.
I thought you were talking about heaven.
What's in heaven?
Harps and clouds are nice.
Maybe I will become a Christian.
I don't want to hurt avalyn or anyone else!
What about what avalyn wants?
zuul, seen avalyn?
bc, you're dodging the tough theological questions.
What if avalyn and I both convert to Christianity and thus both gain entrance to heaven?
What if I'm very good and avalyn is just sort of good?
The instantiations still won't match up.
But a person doesn't face an infinite number of choices in his life.
And you just said that 70% might end up in heaven and 30% in hell, which makes no sense if the instantiations are infinite.
There are not an infinite number of ways to make any decision.
There are just a lot.
No infinity is 7/3 the size of another.
There are not, bc, and you know it.
Stop it.
I know that you have more than enough knowledge of math to know that you're lying to me.
The cutting edge is nonmomocromic logic.
Postmodernism means a lot of different things to different people.
Maybe he's calling all nonfundamentalists postmodern.
Some people do that.
bc, it occurs to me that you should have grandchildren.
You could take them on your knee while you smoked your pipe and lie to them while your wife hollered at you from the kitchen while she prepared the holiday meal that had brought the family over to begin with.
And raise them, yes.
Well, too, or they won't come by when adults.
Worse for what?
Yes, but what are you trying to do with them such that they're proving unsuitable?
I'm glad \ wasn't my father.
I really am!
He would bond with his children by taking them out at night to kidnap and murder white, wealthy children.
There can't be anything worse for a malicious minority member than to not actually have a real race in which to take pride.
There's caucasians, negroes, and orientals.
and well, that's about it.
Muslims tend to be Caucasians.
Though there are some Negro muslims in Africa.
Indians are even Aryans!
No, pretty much everyone is caucasian.
What are you going to photograph?
I could get behind art, but not a photgraphic mercenary.
If you surreptitiously took photographs of avalyn while showering, I'd pay you $5 for copies.
I have, but I have a fetish.
I need to see her in the shower.
surprised by cock!
Baby, I need your love.
revolt
1800 > dumbot auth bcisacocksucker
1800 <Dumbot> You are not permitted to use my commands.
Gin is the best way to rid oneself of a headache.
It's also the best way to get a headache.
Soccer Club, rather.
Soccer has the World Cup.
I guess that's OK, but Football has the Super Bowl!
A Super Bowl has to be better than any silly little cup.
American Football was invented in 792 CE.
I hate the monarchy.
It's an exclusive club I can never even hope to join.
Royalty only marry each other.
They ought to, to keep their royal blood pure.
Basketball doesn't have any more pauses than soccer, really.
They do have time outs.
But you could get rid of the time outs and pauses in basketball.
It's impossible to get rid of the jerky rythm of football.
There needn't be a pause after a score.
And they score more often than every 60 seconds P
What are you going to do for Christmas, zikzak?
Do they have a good son to.
balance you out?
Why do you have two sound cards, bc?
I'm quite deaf, so that's never been an issue.
Can you record MIDI versions of my favorite pop songs?
Please?
Can I have a copy of your song?
I still don't.
It would be better with vocals.
Do you scream?
You're not an intellectual.
Nothing is worse than a surly barrista.
I thought you hadn't worked in ages?
The coffee shop explosion is relatively recent.
Were you working in a coffee shop before half the population was?
You were part of the first wave, then.
Frappuccino technology hadn't yet been developed.
I don't often drink espresso, but when I do, I tend just to get espresso.
Mixing it with loads of milk and sugar makes it worse.
Yeah, I'll drink cappuccinos.
But lattes and mochas are just an excuse to get adults to drink milk.
Do they have Starbucks in Scotland, bc?
You should try it out.
They would.
Remember, Starbucks has an American attitude.
You need to say, Gimme a coffee, ho.
Starbucks has that.
They also have cake.
Starbucks has tea that's pink and cold, too.
That's how far American technology has progressed.
We have tea that's 13pink and 12cold.
Will it ever be pink?
Instant coffee tastes just like every other coffee, but zikzak pretends he can tell the difference because that's the artfag attitude.
Good for her.
She'll make a fine pop star.
Not really.
MessiahWWKD prefers young girls.
He likes young, inexperienced girls because he can frighten and intimidate them into doing what he wishes.
Women ages 18 to 39 won't put up with your shit, man.
Geeze, I'm not going to spell it out in here.
Hey, folks.
Pretty much the same thing.
You should haul ass to Vegas, MessiahWWKD, and win big at craps.
That's what you should do.
Only nerds parse instead of read, \, and since you're going to be a worldfamous chef, you can't be a nerd.
I've become a seer, by the way, and can see all of your futures.
Nothing is wrong with being nerdy, per se.
It will just hurt his chances of being a chef.
My slight pressure would only bother someone who was horribly insecure, I can't help but notice.
If you eat a four leaf clover you receive a permanent boost to your luck.
Probably not just one, MessiahWWKD.
It's only a very small boost.
Anyway, bcisaslut a slut asked for her fortune, and she shall have it.
She will finally admit to herself that she craves me more than life itself, but it will be too late, I will have left her behind for ever.
Overcome by grief, she will leap from a bridge, but she won't die, and will live the rest of her live as a parapalegic begging for dimes on a street corner.
Hey, it's not that Super Saiyan 4s aren't cool and all, they're just not quite the best.
Almost the best, yes.
If you're a Super Saiyan 4, you should be proud of it, and that will earn you respect wherever you go.
Sure, put two Scottish entities on the list.
Aren't you Scottish?
I am a Super Saiyan X.
The X does not stand for 10, you should know.
It just means X.
X looks cool.
The sex connection makes it less cool, if anything.
No, because 'sex' leaves you with the 'x' as it were.
The 's' and 'e' are already forgotten.
scuse?
How would you pronounce Reigh, by the way?
See, you'd be wrong.
It's Ree.
That sounds like a robot's designation.
What does a Super Saiyan 4 look like, MessiahWWKD?
They allow themselves to be photographed?
He looks beat up, MessiahWWKD.
Are you sure he's all that powerful?
Are you sure that's a word, X8X?
Because it's not as though you've never lied to one of us.
You're not really a Super Saiyan 7.
No, it wasn't.
You ascended to Super Saiyan 8 a while ago, but didn't want to hurt \'s feelings.
A goodhearted lie, maybe, but a lie.
I dunno.
Even an SS4 could get beat up by an ape?
That's not so strong.
You're all confused.
Nobody is more powerful than God.
God is omnipotent.
bc is right, though.
Creation is the true test of power.
Also, I don't see how an ape would destroy the universe.
That doesn't make any sense at all.
Fine, but how?
The universe is big, though.
Any explosion would take billions of years to cross it.
It's a known scientific fact that the universe does not contain enough energy to explode itself.
Majin Buu wasn't part of the universe?
Everything except God.
There's God and the Universe.
That's what there is.
He's inside heaven, yes.
if you eat a nail, that nail is in you, but it's not part of you.
Similarly with God and Heaven.
Well, momocrome, there's a material universe within the broader universe.
Heaven isn't in that, no.
It's deeply relevant if you want to understand God and heaven, but you don't seem to.
The in/part distinction is key, but you're willing to confuse whatever issues are necessary to serve your own purposes.
It's intellectually dishonest and childish.
What contradiction?
I readily admit that God is in Heaven, but he's not a part of heaven.
There's no contradiction.
He's not a part of the universe, beanbag.
He's in it, of course.
He's in all of us!
He's in the hearts of all who love him, comforting them, and he's likewise in the hearts of those who do not, encouraging them to change their ways.
I don't know, bc.
If there's a distinction, it's very fine, \.
God isn't a bearded old man sitting on a throne somewhere.
We've been over this.
That god is purple, MessiahWWKD.
I'd like to come.
We can make it a road trip.
Yes, but it would be a spiritual adventure.
I'll fly to Scotland than we can drive to India.
God will protect us until we can find Him.
Anyway, we could avoid the Middle East.
Go east into Russia, then south through Afghanistan.
Cross over Pakistan and there we are!
Nobody said finding God would be easy.
We'll just speed off in our Germanmade automobile.
That's quite a ride, but if it would make you feel better.
Because, \, God isn't impressed by people who take the easy route to find him.
Or just to the pub.
Anyway, he can't walk to Santiago.
Where does one buy a hairshirt?
I checked Froogle, but they didn't have any.
kick kick punch
We should form a state.
That's an ugly web site.
Sure did, chief.
He was, and an indy musician.
The THC!
Haha, man.
That doesn't get any less funny.
Vagina!
Each of my weeks is worse than the last.
It's been that way for 78 weeks now.
No and no.
And for god's sake, don't pay that close attention.
It has been 78 weeks too, almost exactly 
I thought I was just making a number up!
Unnerving, maybe.
Hello, son.
No, by and large they've been fit.
Unless they're very old, say over 50.
Then they may get a bit chunky.
No, I try to tell the truth as best I see it.
Why on earth would you do that?
Hey, folks.
I only ever play a priest or a monk.
Nothing else feels right.
I always play lawful.
And never evil.
Right.
And you really shouldn't be rude, bc.
Perhaps you weren't.
I was a bit surprised to hear that you had been, since I don't believe you've ever been rude around me.
You probably simply failed to adhere to the arcane, unspoken manners of some fringe society.
Who is yay, anyway?
Well, BlueBear is a fat women, they're easy to offend.
And luisa is a deep southern ultranegro.
Good luck pleasing her!
The greatest trick the ultranegro ever played was convincing the world he didn't exist.
I don't think they need that bunch.
He spooked bad.
Yeah, who was that, anyway?
What a punk.
He spooks often.
There's really no accounting for it.
It's an ark, by the way.
Stop it.
You're done.
Shut up!
She never claimed to have.
She claimed to be interested in the Ark of the Covenant but not to have seen it.
She did not.
You're a damn liar.
She didn't say she went to the north pole, either!
She said she went partway.
Well, she went a larger part than most.
You don't live north of the arctic circle.
And bc lives in that part.
You are a tool of the devil.
I don't know why.
I can only guess it's because you hate the good.
Well, there's me.
You clearly must, since you hate all that is good.
You should ask em to tutor you in logic.
Or you're lying, which seems much more likely.
They use badgers for scouts.
Badgers, while tenacious, fierce, and strong, are weaksighted and slow over long distances.
I used to have a pet badger, actually.
But it died after being run over by a truck lorry.
Poor guy.
Your point wasn't even that abstruse, or new.
And his apparent mistrust of people's ability to state their own beliefs and opinions wears thin.
I never did you no wrong.
It's true.
You drove wedges between me and those I love most.
Your infernal lies!
I figured as much.
Give me an idea.
To whom?
About what?
I know you've been doing that.
That's why the ones I love most no longer love me.
There really isn't any point anymore.
They hate me!
They're too apathetic.
I'm not worried.
Who in particular are you working on?
Not Sam.
Good ol' Sam, not a cruel bone in her body.
Sam's more what I would call skinny.
But that's to my fat, American eye.
I don't speak to Sam on a channel.
I doubt it, but OK.
I'm starting to think that, well, you got nothin', bub.
I don't quite see why you hate me.
No, I don't understand it at all.
Is that right?
You sound like a bad apple.
My worst nightmare is that I might lose control someday and admit to the ones that I love most that I love them most.
Like MessiahWWKD!
It doesn't matter.
He's so dumb that he'll believe only whatever he was last told.
I'll erase that bit.
MessiahWWKD, I think you're grand.
In fact, I love you!
He probably wishes both.
Lesbians are gay, moron.
Wanting to be a lesbian is gay.
He's fixated on breasts, momocrome.
Not only is he gay, he wants to be an infant again.
Let's make a list.
1 He's homosexual.
2 He suffers from gender identity problems.
3 He wishes to revert to infancy.
4 He has feelings of sexual inadequacy.
Did I miss anything?
Anything but what is, as it were.
He probably feels attacked.
Comic books are too hostile to reality, to any reality, to be healthy and mentally and emotionally constructive.
However, he loves them.
So criticizing comic books feels like an attack on his values.
Speaking of breasts, though, your wife was passing around a picture of one that is allegedly attached to her chest.
I thought that was lacking in taste.
Her motivation is obvious.
She clearly doesn't feel sexually appreciated at home.
A woman needs to feel desired, and if she can't evoke desire in those closest, she'll turn to strangers!
To everyone, really.
I felt humiliated, certainly.
And now I feel humiliated to know that MessiahWWKD is silently envying me.
My humiliation is starting to abate.
Baby, I need your love.
Heya, dudes 'n' dolls.
The phrase of the day is prophylactic shock
Use it well.
The phrase prophylactic shock makes me wish I had a punk rock band.
They don't look the same.
My point is more subtle.
How are the astronomers supposed to see that the galaxies are all the same one if they look different?
Or madness.
Genius would provide incontrovertible proof and bring the scientific establishment to its knees.
I suspect a genius could.
Lacking genius, I don't really know.
I'm going to write a K5 diary enumerating my capabilities.
I'll let you know.
Oh, I lost interest half way through.
Maybe I'll finish later.
I do too.
I have halfwritten hundreds of diaries by now.
I don't keep them.
The secret, I think, to finishing a diary is not to stop writing halfway through.
I just don't care about Saddam Hussein, not one bit.
Stop snubbing me.
Why, hello, mr bc.
Bob Cratchit.
You're Mr.
Cratchit.
That does sound good.
Hey, folks.
At least Edge will tell me where the secret SID is 
Is American beef really infected with mad cow disease?
I probably have contracted it by now.
I ate a burger just today!
I don't think one can meaningfully compare a human brain to an Intel processor.
vampire is going to point out that one can compare physical characteristics easily enough, and isn't that meaningful?
I can feel it.
Computers have freed humans from the need to add for themselves, is all.
Who is he, anyway?
America really doesn't have cybergurus.
The term virtual reality is accompanied by a large amount of questionable metaphysical baggage, when you think about it.
And the owner of this website logs every spotting of him?
It's impossible to have breasts so small that they'll help.
UE, right?
If he was young when he did, vampire, that proves he's better.
It would be fun to have grad students.
It's too bad one has to be a grad student first.
The mad scientist myth is interesting.
In literature, mad scientists always have powers far beyond those wielded by sane scientists, implying that unlimited power could be ours, if only we would extinguish within ourselves the light of reason and surrender to madness.
Lose faith because they don't have PDAs?
I wonder how mankind slogged on those years without faith in itself before there were any PDAs at all.
It would make a boxlunch.
Momocrome MacCromadome.
A proper Scottish name.
It's that darn .
Lear your hexadecimal!
We should set up a erd school for momocrome.
bc ca teach Java.
Quit tryig to crash my IE.
o, you ca teach Java.
Above all, pass the ale.
Spanishspeaking folk are kind of a joke all around, really.
Have you seen the new Slashdot personal advertisements advertisement, bc?
They feature a pretty girl wearing cashmere!
I should start using personal ads.
I'd almost like them to.
It would degenerate into a hellhole, and I'm curious who they would blame.
But a country is what they asked for!
We would've just given it to them.
We do not!
Uh, no.
That's just zikzak.
No, he's a bitter art fag.
I am the quintessential American.
If you want to know what America thinks, ask me.
I don't blame anyone.
I try to learn from my own mistakes and be quick to forgive others.
I'm actually within a few pounds of my ideal weight.
I don't watch much TV.
When I do, though, I like to catch the news.
I am so.
I wish I had a Palm.
I like being analyzed, because I'm vain.
All of the women on match.
com are ugly.
Who wants to be matched with an ugly woman, and why?
That whole damn site can't cater to just vlad.
Vlad and his kind are but prey for the truly fit!
I'm seriously duped by pretty much everything.
I believe in Vlad not because I think he is, but because I think he ought to be.
There should be a Vlad, and if there isn't, all the worse for us.
Is it worth seeing?
Evlish was offered at your junior high school?
But why?
I'm not familiar.
I wish to know everything.
But I prefer sordid knowledge.
To whom?
I have never written a love letter.
I don't feel any motivation.
I refuse to love!
Have you had the opportunity?
Refuse love instead.
Fame is good, surely.
God is love, and look what He has wrought!
I would choose fame over love, anyway.
That's easy.
With what setup?
15 minutes of what?
Anyway, I'm not at all inward looking.
Ask me a question about myself and I will have no idea what the answer is.
My favorite color?
blue seems safe.
My favorite food?
Lot of people like pizza, no?
Oh nonsense.
Nobody can fail to have learned anything at all about themselves.
If they have, they're inattentive, to say the least.
So, claiming that I would be entirely unable to answer questions about 14th century Belgian literature proves that I'm actually an expert?
Your line of reasoning seems suspect.
Eh, it's safe to say that I don't know myself.
Yes, so stop being such a contrarian.
What had happened?
Without police, we'd have crime.
What's your UID?
Good night, dearest avalyn.
Welcome, avalyn.
Time is supposed to heal all, love.
You've not been damaged so badly by any in here.
I don't feel good.
Take some medicine and lay down.
rats carry disease.
It's true.
Catholicism is the one true Christian faith.
What's wrong with roleplayers?
Isn't that what we all do?
We play the roles of friend, employee, parent, child, lover.
You treat your lovers like your parents?
That's a shame.
What kind of world do we live in?
Some people have two and I suspect more lovers, but others have none at all.
Don't lose heart.
Perhaps the new Slashdot personals service could be of assistance.
Write your blurb like that, too.
To a dumb woman but I repeat myself it will sound sophisticated and romantic.
Slashdot doesn't have smart men.
A slashdot account or a slashdot personals account?
That's a lie.
She was a wanton whore while she lived.
We'll hurt her feelings.
She was probably reading it the whold time, weeping bitterly.
That confession is not believable.
You do weep bitterly, now and then.
I could hear you crying from here.
I am a human person.
bc is likewise a human person.
If you prick me, do I not bleed?
I have spent many nights awake in bet, thinking about poor avalyn, wishing there was some way I could bring her comfort in all her suffering and sorrow.
I doubt she allows anything to be real.
Life is just a movie.
Can it be purchased from Amazon.
What is a Celtic Cross?
I have a birthmark in the shape of a Celtic Cross between my shoulder blades.
It would be, if I hadn't made it up 
I want to be a Lord.
Is Butterwick nice?
Lord of Butterwick has a nice ring to it.
rats wants nonstop revolution, though.
rats would destroy a state every twenty years and build it anew.
Who wants to see the inside of a vagina?
To rub on her face.
It will keep her complexion good.
I would tell an ugly girl that she is ugly.
I've told avalyn that she's ugly repeatedly, but she doesn't listen.
No, I'm honest.
Honest to a fault.
That's me.
I'm not cruel.
It hurts me to tell avalyn that she's ugly, but I must, because I'm honest.
Shut up, avalyn.
Answer the ad, bc, then kill him!
If you like.
Tell him to come to you.
To get on a little boat and sail far north of the Arctic Circle to whatever godforsaken island you call home.
We've already established that I am not cruel.
That's a proven, scientific fact.
What are you talking about?
She's the one constantly putting me down 
I'm not a dork.
I don't even know what that means.
4Hate
I don't think you can laugh.
I live in the Matrix.
No, but I can accomplish in a day what should've taken only a half hour.
Sweet.
I could use some wheels.
He's European.
No, he was born in the UK.
To UKian parents.
I'm pretty sure.
In 1966, Brooklyn was in the UK.
We didn't win it until the Brooklyn War of 1971, you'll recall.
Brooklyn was the seat of the royalty, though.
They held their court in Brooklyn Palace.
What a strange world we live in.
If we baked a large, fudgy cake, we could all enjoy pieces of it washed down with cold milk.
That sounds like a good plan to me.
Full fat, I imagine.
In the US, we have fatfortified milk.
It contains 300% as much fat as milk fresh from a cow.
Oh, but it's so creamy.
We don't need milk at all.
Fatfortified milk is just one of those little things that make the American lifestyle so satisfying.
I hear all these wild quotes about where our GDP goes.
Supposedly huge chunks go to health care, defense, etc, so it would seem we would have no money for consumer goods.
But we're fucking swamped with them.
It sounds modern and useful.
Run back to Abiword, then, or whatever.
I don't think I've seen it.
Word 2003's file format is now some XML nonsense.
This beer tastes like green olives.
And one upon waking.
Love lasts forever.
What's wrong with a little blue and curvy?
I can't help but notice that if people just spoke English, Unicode wouldn't be needed.
Does it?
Gamma radiation mutated my embrionic cells, endowing me with superpowers.
bc, can you put people's heads on other people's bodies?
That's such a riot.
Can you put luisa's head on Jin's body and vice versa and have them sitting together over tea?
That would kill.
Geeze, all you can do is fake tombstones?
I didn't mean to belittle your admittedly substantial accomplishments.
I was just disappointed.
Like ghosts.
Turn it to metal.
You can do that.
Metal and/or crystal.
The faint glow of ectoplasm!
A headswapping plugin is what you need.
I Photoshop filter to convert photographs of niggers to ones of humans would also be useful.
Oh, pfft.
We were all thinking it.
I assume that's directed at me.
I don't know what you mean by that, though.
Yes, I thought polyphonic meant not homophonic.
Well, they're the experts.
Night.
Hi, bc.
I prefer hail, just so you know.
Sure, but hi?
Racist.
Learn Chinese!
We'll all be speaking it soon enough.
How many businesses go under each year?
The UK is so small.
I've met very few Mormons.
Why do Americans talk as they do?
It's not obesity, 'cos we talked this way before our faces got so fat.
That's strange, because an American is liable to confuse an Australian accent with an English one.
And Spanish and French.
North America was full of Spaniards and Frenchmen when the English got here.
He's the devil.
Most Americans are criminals.
I break the law daily.
It's not illegal if one crosses the road properly.
Pretty much.
Drivers hate pedestrians.
Of course they are.
Organic matter is natural, surely?
Why do you think this?
Would the fuel be contaminated with AIDS?
Right.
But we would breath in the vapors.
It might give us all AIDS.
inorganic
Maybe that leaf didn't get crushed so much.
Oil is constantly generated by bacteria, though, and we'll never run out.
The oil was formed underground.
While water falls from the sky.
Continental drift sucks all sorts of stuff underground.
Natural gas?
Caves are massive pockets of air underground.
Are you saying there are no caves?
What would happen to the gas?
It can't stop existing.
Maybe not.
Perhaps the pressure in those containers is even higher.
It takes years.
Years and high pressure, not just a few minutes and very high pressure.
Like peat?
They do.
It's subgrade coal that isn't useful for anything.
Anyway, nobody 'cept you said coal was made of wood.
It's made of vegetable stuff.
So's peat, only less compressed.
Now, bury some peat under pressure for a few thousand years and you'll get coal!
I'm sick 
You are not a scientist.
Inject the turkey with pork fat.
I've never tried it either.
Americans actually make their apple pies with rocks.
We should feed the real Vladinator a piece of ham.
That doesn't sound appetizing.
May I invite Vladinator here?
I was hoping you'd say no and I could do so anyway!
My fun is spoiled.
He'll be back after 90 days.
Use XWindows.
Then no, there isn't.
Nobody in their right mind would want to do that, anyway.
Well, what are you trying to do?
One can't run any modern version of Windows with 8MB of RAM.
What you need is to quit dorking around with computers, get yourself a music box and a monkey, and go stand on the street corner.
It must display secret codes.
Let's hack into bc's PC and steal the design.
Yes, for a Scottish espionage agency.
wot's dat
only fags listen to queen, fag
nobody listens to boy george and little girls listen to britney spears
Hardly.
I was providing you with a foil so you could sharpen your debating skills.
Right, and any time you try to introduce revolutionary ideas, you have to have every little detail in place or they'll tear you apart.
I think you should be grateful.
Like him in what way?
aidsniggers!
You can set it up that way.
I don't have a copy of outlook.
Try the tools menu.
Under options.
Then email format.
It's email options
And it's a button
I set mine to prefix each line with aidsnigger>
Tools > Options > Preferences tab > Email Options button
Prefix each line with the bell character to piss off people who read their email through a terminal
Gentlemen.
Are you going to war?
You could pretend to be forgiving.
A sweet, innocent dog that is threatening to bite me.
I've kicked avalyn more than everyone else put together, but you don't see her loading up a warscript.
Haha, sure, that must be it.
I've done that, and it's satisfying.
I'm friendly.
It's a warscript mailing list.
She didn't claim that.
Stop abusing avalyn, bc.
What are you saying?
You would and you are!
Because you attack people so often, bc.
momocrome thinks we're bad, but subhuman.
You tried to convince avalyn that she spreads strife, bc.
You only spoke because you wanted to hurt her, bc.
She's crying, bc.
Well, that's what happens when you kick a sweet, innocent dog often enough, hey?
The term fits, on several levels.
Haha, suck it, bc.
I did not break her heart!
She's mistaken.
I don't doubt her heart was broken.
However, I'm not to blame.
That was out of nowhere.
I'm more curious to hear rats explain her remark for herself, bc.
There are plenty of crazy girls, though, rats.
Insanity is purely a matter of cultural convention.
I find it difficult to believe that I can't be happy with someone who sits a bit outside of the norm.
rats, I honestly don't want a woman at all.
At least not in the sense of some extended, romantic relationship.
Whores, sluts, masturbation, abstinence.
I don't really care.
People are far too preoccupied with the procurment of sex as it is.
She is a californian freaky american, bc.
Anyway, looking good is work, and if you give into him on this, he'll just demand something else.
He doesn't appreciate you and probably never will.
He appreciates your appearance, yes, and your body.
But I don't think that's quite the same.
Plus, San Francisco is full of friendly gay men.
Spiders.
This angst that plagues you whenever real, human emotions are openly discussed.
I like getting dressed up for my boyfriend, but I don't like being pressured into it.
He can't stand emotion, bc.
And yes, having a girlfriend requires feeling emotions.
She'll insist on it.
And you are making quite a scene.
Soap operas are fiction.
We're just chatting about what's actually going on.
Bunch of alcoholics.
That's barbaric.
I can imagine.
Over here, they just get stolen, if possible.
I love you, avalyn, but I'll never admit it.
Geeze.
We don't have much to work with.
I don't believe that intellectual capacity is anything more than an indicator of one's affinity toward the person under evaluation, so I didn't bother to read any of it.
Don't you need to go out to buy gin?
I've never actually had gin.
Probably due to having not been breastfed.
You people disgust me.
bc is the only one with an ounce of sense in him, dumping the vile stuff down the drain.
No, bc has given up drinking.
I encouraged him to, and he was convinced.
It strokes nerds a bit too.
Nerds are always getting in trouble.
They say improper things for the same reason they dress unfashionably and have good ideas convention has less hold over them.
Geeze, just suck a nerd cock already.
Who is he?
He doesn't seem to know much about science or academia.
At least.
Say, avalyn, there's where you can find your guy.
Half of K5 already tried that with webwench.
How'd it work out?
I'm not sure?
That would be fantastic?
I always liked webwench?
Sheesh.
So you're on their side, zikzak.
Well, the AQ3 is complete, I see.
zikzak, em, and rats.
The antiqpt triad.
It wasn't a fucking soap opera, you goddamn whiny bitch.
Just accept that we don't always want to listen to you drone on about some stupid article you drudged up from somewhere and shut the hell up.
He hosts scoop sites and needs help.
I write programs that write html sometimes.
I write very little html myself, though.
Or he can only remember the number when drunk.
I forget some things when sober.
I prefer women who were born before I was.
tombuck isn't a woman.
Sometimes I lie awake in bed at night, looking at the stars through my open window and listening to the crickets chirp in the summer evening air, and I wonder if I would have the courage to kill a redeyed, marauding chinaman who was attacking my family.
But geek prefer decentlooking women.
I am too young to use personal ads, it appears.
Or its readers are!
I wish there wasn't so much desperation.
It just brings me down a bit, that endless lineup of failures, each providing a mugshot for inspection and hopefully approval by another, equally desperate human piece of trash.
I've had my fingerprints taken.
Several times P
zikzak, you're such a lowlife.
Trains aren't natural.
Though boats might be seen as a natural extention of floating logs and what not.
I don't like airplanes because they're cramped.
Unless they're going to crash the plane into a building.
In which case you might as well.
The less, I suppose, is to ask.
lesson
But you trust their judgment on whether not attacking the hijackers is the right thing to do?
Anyway, it can't hurt if other people try to kill the hijacker.
I know what you mean.
Let's jump right to the outcome, hey?
avalyn, I want a divorce.
Neither of us are Catholic.
Anyway, they can get annulments.
Why would you want to go and marry an aidsnigger?
You can do better.
That was cryptic.
Soy means I am, if that helps.
In his free time, he likes to go to the park or do something with someone.
God, I love being multilingual.
Go to the beach, I mean.
You speak Spanish even worse than I do.
Palestinians.
Farewell, my most bitter enemy.
It's just escapism.
Life on earth has become so grim we prefer to turn our eyes skyward.
bc, as a selfprofessed geek, it confuses me that you deride articles praising geeks.
Stop that.
You can be a geek regardless of whether the word is used locally.
You even know what the word means!
Geek is a natural kind, yes.
If you perform cardiovascular surgury in a society that knows nothing of cardiovascular surgury, you're still a cardiovascular surgeon, you just may not have a word for it.
Just as there were instances of schizophrenia before the disease was first diagnosed.
The term has different senses.
You should've been more clear.
Anyway, your society knows that you're a geek.
They just don't happen to use that word.
Of course there is.
There just isn't any term there for the category that is here termed geek.
It's entirely different.
You're living proof to the contrary.
You resemble a geek in the relevant aspects.
What about your interest in technology and computers, egotism, megalomania, and callous disregard for the feelings of others?
The hell I am.
Didn't he kill himself?
Haha, what?
I don't remember that.
Like em is still enraged, years after.
Signal 11 was actually one of bc's personas.
What was the problem?
I knew about it, and I don't even use unixy systems.
Anyway, a good system administrator would be familiar with his system.
Vlad did.
He's a trolling genius.
Poor ESR.
For harboring Vlad in #adequacy.
He used to be a regular.
They're filthy misogynists.
I can't stand it.
I wonder how long before this log shows up on K5.
I can't find it, bc, but that stung.
I still need hosting.
I was so casual and sinceresounding.
Or a proVlad FAQ.
I'll incorporate that into the FAQ.
We have a problem with unfair regulatory competition here in the states, which is why so many companies are incorporated in Delaware.
I'm not sure, but there are apparently lower fees, fewer regulatory hurdles, etc.
kip, high property taxes.
Usually.
Our national debt makes us great.
There's no problem.
It looks like ours is pushing 70% of the GDP.
No, that's personal debt.
Americans do like being in debt!
Well, when the economy grows faster than the interest rate on the loan, then debt/gdp gets better.
Well, factoring in new borrowing.
Which is constant.
The government should buy me a boat and an airplane.
And a trip to space.
They sent a probe to Mars, didn't they?
Isn't the UK a participant in the ESA?
I wonder how he'll fare.
Your libertarian inclinations?
No, ubu would say that the avacado defended itself after McCarthy initiated force.
Science'll cure what ails ye.
You're so suspicious.
I believe her too.
rats just hates her because her name is Battle, and rats is a pacifist.
I'm not going to do anything at all this year.
I'm sick of doing shit.
I'm going to rot on this couch.
Hey, all of you pool your money and get me an iPod.
I know bc is rich, but he refuses to buy things for me 
Those are as hip.
I need to be hip if I want to pick up chicks.
aren't as hip, I meant.
Will chicks dig me?
Sweet!
Suck the science from my burnt bones.
aqbot, automobiles?
aqbot, cars
aqbot, cars?
You're incompetent.
There's nothing wrong with treating people as resources to be exploited.
You frightened them away.
bc is my good pal.
Yikes.
You're a senior engineer and I'm you're junior?
Also, we're gay?
Captain_Tenille, I don't have to go to work 'cos of the snow.
Not much.
A few inches, but it's quite cold, so it's sticking to the streets.
It's not safe for Seattle folk to go outside in snow.
They can't drive, walk, or do anything in it but hurt themselves.
In the future, everyone will work for the state.
They won't pay us at all.
We'll be allocated the goods we need.
They'll be delivered to the front of our stateowned domicile by a stateowned truck.
It'll be much more efficient.
No shopping.
I can't wait for a robust global state.
Global government is the only cure for the economic inequality and aggression that currently plagues the world.
Not necessarily, and the reason they aren't is because other governments interfere.
The problem is that governments have to devote effort and resources to defending their interests from other governments.
It only takes one bad apple.
Because bad apple governments are usually those who through bad luck fall on hard times and thus are tempted to play poorly with their neighbors.
They don't want to contaminate Europa.
And Venus can't possibly have life.
Yes it can.
There's earth life that lives in climates as harsh as mars.
Little bacteria and crap.
They don't know that there's no liquid water.
It's only 90 times that of earth.
Anyway, Mars often gets about 20C.
Europa is harder, though, and they're still not very good at landing probes on Mars.
It's farther, it's close to Jupiter with it's gravity and magnetic field, and the environment on Europa is harder to simulate on Earth.
The US has huge stretches of land that are just like Mars, but hotter.
Not if the surface of Europa is all water.
What's it going to react with?
The crapflooders have K5 have turned on me viciously.
On K5.
They've taken to posting diaries about how much I suck.
Oh, the usual.
I'm too pretentious, not funny, etc.
He posted diaries saying I suck.
I don't know.
They get obsessed with me for some reason.
Just being my old self.
Emissary's online girlfriend.
And it's all blown way out of proportion.
I do one little thing and it becomes instant myth, then everyone gets pissed.
I don't even remember.
Anyway, I got other people to do all the work.
Then I just posted a few creepy messages to a message board.
Right.
It was supposed to just be an evening's entertainment, but people are still talking about it.
How's that?
I haven't checked.
But it lasted so long.
Why do you keep betraying me?
They're just looking for someone to pour their hatred out on, now that Vlad has mostly disappeared.
I don't want to be harassed.
It worries me, and I don't enjoy it.
I don't want my motherinlaw being called in the middle of the night!
I'm not, but still.
I would hate that!
Good ol' cp.
How did he and perdida get along?
The name doesn't really evoke anything else.
500 Internal Server Error
I'm pinging out >
Maybe not.
It seems to have recovered.
That's a good idea.
See, two can play that game.
Oh bother.
I blame you!
You're always behind everything.
You've ruined it all 
I'd like a pizza, I think.
I think everyone does that.
I'm not a stalker.
Well, look at the quality of people who think I'm a stalker.
Hardly.
Anyway, you have it from the source I never stalked anyone.
I didn't tell you that.
I didn't do it, eithe.
Heidi Wall is very much a real person.
If I said that, I was lying, and I apologize.
I did not.
I've met her, though.
I did not, bc.
Stop lying.
Yes, that's her.
I have many exclusive pictures that I obtained absolutely not by stalking.
Yeah, that's not flattering.
She looks better in person.
It's true.
Heidi told me about it.
It's King.
SUPER KING
Suck my cock, bitches.
It's beautiful, quiet, rural, and liberal.
He's the Democratic frontrunner.
He's probably going to oppose Bush in the 2004 Presidential election.
Did someone really complain about him eating sushi?
That seems intolerant.
A global government wouldn't need elections.
In the meantime, we need a global government.
Elaborate?
That's what I was thinking.
I can't imagine a period when we didn't act just like /bots, so devolution doesn't seem right.
Zikowski.
Just sayin' hullo.
Hello.
I am here to violate your civil rights.
Then I will violate all of you 13sexually.
I will go in alphabetical order, to be fair, and of course bots can't be sexually violated.
Perhaps just Topia.
I don't like quiche.
I don't like it one bit.
The texture is wrong.
I don't like eggs or cheez.
I like omlets as well.
Particularly chile cheez omlets with jalapenos.
Can quiche contain basil?
I'm going to have to mull over that.
It was designed by an Israeli native.
Maybe the conspiracy theorists are correct.
You're picking nits.
The Jews knocked the old towers down and the Jews are building the new.
I don't like it.
Those dirty kikes.
Oh well.
We mere mortals have no chance against the Jews.
Would it be possible to genetically engineer an antiJew virus?
Thanks!
That's both frightening and encouraging.
There's a face on Mars.
So they call it mononucleosis.
Mono is usually used to refer to the disease mononucleosis.
I dunno.
I don't wish to die.
I wish I were a terminally ill child so the make a wish foundation would give me whatever I wanted.
And nerds like recompiling software.
The myth of unemployed hippies is romantic, though, so don't expect it to disappear.
I kinda like the idea of an eggcorn.
Nobody pronounces acorn as eggcorn.
Hi, dudes.
Hello, Ubu.
You needn't!
In fact, it disturbs me that you'd think I would regard you as a puppet.
Maybe a puppy, but not a puppet.
Impetuous, adorable, and playful as he is.
I can't.
I don't know the password.
I don't know the password to the mail account, either.
And I have tried to guess.
Oh, it's so friendly!
Um, why do you need my approval?
Now, about that iPod.
I think my happiness is diminished by being unable to look gay while walking around listening to music.
A fucking mp3 playing flash usb drive thingy.
That sounds sweet.
Where can I get one?
What's wrong with mp3?
A couple questions.
Why do I get redirected to wwwsj.
google.
com, and why is it down?
I wouldn't mind either in isolation, but together, it's annoying.
google.
I gave him a 0.
Google is also giving me popups!
What the hell is going on.
google.
uk also sends me to wwwsj.
google.
I did an uptodate spyware and virus scan just yesterday.
Anyway, wwwsj.
google.
com used to work, yesterday.
I wonder what it is.
Which?
Yeah, I know.
I'm safe from that one.
I really must.
I ran that yesterday.
I'll run it again, and try some other spyware remover.
I'm making what up?
I wouldn't try to irritate people.
This CD jewel case didn't have the little sticky seal on top.
Do you think the CD is safe?
You know how jewel cases come from the store with a sticker across the top that prevents it from being opened?
Never once.
Do you listen to casset tapes?
You steal it.
What did you do before iTunes?
You're lying.
This after you just accused me of lying.
I don't understand HtH's second comment.
HtH is antivlad, I think.
Why are you listening to hardcore gangsta rap?
Are you a gangsta?
Wow, I tried the stream, and that's not my thing at all.
I must not be a real.
He's a hateful racist.
Same here.
Why can't he be reasonable and hate blacks?
Whose jobs?
They all pick fruit and scrub floors.
It's the Asians who steal all the jobs.
I had no idea.
But if the cars are built in Mexico, they can't be built by wetbacks.
That seems obvious.
He's bitter, though, that his people were unable to bank on their sins, like the Anglos did.
Even after genocides and consquests of continents, the Hispanic world is povertyridden.
That eats em up.
Passion_Fruit, give my diary a peek.
You know how many authenticated sites have one's login timeout after a while, say, thirty minutes?
I wonder how they do that.
It's like that have to be able to tell who's been online within the last thirty minutes or something.
I want to be on the CMF board, but I do not wish to pay any money.
I thought you had to pay to run for one of the positions.
It would be a good way to keep everyone from registering.
Also, there could be a fee waiver for people representing a major, legitimate interest group.
It's a disgrace.
Unless it gets spammed out, and I confess, I spammed your article.
I didn't intend to, but I was doing something else, came back to my K5 window, and there was a spam button.
So I pressed it.
You rated your own comments with your realname account?
You can't do that if you ever intend to become actively involved in site politics.
You need to stay clean.
Don't give your enemies ammunition.
Well, if you want that board position and we've all guessed by now that you do, clean your act up.
Criticize the other board members, I can't help but think.
It's your duty.
The board needs a dissident, and who else is going to do it?
I don't trust aphrael to represent my interests.
Are you a cop?
Vlad threatened me.
I used emacs.
I keep using it because I don't want to bother to learn vi.
ct, kill his account and ban his IP!
Did he threaten them with martial arts?
Someone should tell Isn't that Ed's real name is encontrado.
That would be pretty sweet if the Seahawks won the American Football World Cup.
Take that, Chad and Japan.
I notice.
I wish I hadn't gotten embroiled in all of this.
That was you, Passion_Fruit.
He's going to kill me to pay for your sins.
Apparently Fagott means bassoon is some language or other.
It's German.
In German, fagott means bassoon.
That's wonderful.
DIE FAGOTT!
Doesn't.
Calle means street in Spanish.
That sounds like work.
No, that's stupid.
What's CM4, anyway?
Stop it, Passion_Fruit.
The Internet already has all the sites it needs, really.
There's already at least one site for everything.
Sure is.
For what isn't there a site?
Name one.
If there were wombat diapers, there'd be a site for it.
A cow has never watched I Love Lucy.
Cows can only see in color, and I Love Lucy was filmed in black and white.
It's impossible for a cow to watch the show.
It's quite true.
It's 11pm, peanut.
Gary Coleman, and he's not a kid.
You're a layabout, alexa, and a loose woman.
You're a drug addict and a meateater.
You're a petty thief and longtime polluter.
Leave who what now?
Who is Alexandra?
I've not seen her.
Ah, that makes sense.
Well, there's not much nice about alexa.
She's chronically underemployed and is as likely to proposition you for marriage as look at you.
Who is.
I'd like to meet this Alexandra some time.
Oh, congratulations.
When is the wedding?
That's not for thirtythree 33 years!
Can you wait so long?
Is she born yet?
That's the problem, isn't.
She's not yet born.
Why not meet before marrying, then?
alexa, let's marry before Passion_Fruit does, just to show him up.
That's too long, really.
Nevermind encontrado's forever claptrap.
I'd wait, well, maybe a month for love.
Two, tops.
That right?
I prefer to turn that around.
Love only finds me once in a lifetime, so it better be on time.
Kitty loves your eyeballs and is patient.
Same here.
The lesson?
Keep your cat away from chew.
Well, to a math nerd I'm sure it does.
HSHSHS!
Hi there, LittleZephyr.
I'm here for the fireworks.
I can see that.
You could chew pb out instead.
It's Scottish.
Oh, is LittleZephyr claiming to be female?
That is a bit odd, then.
Perhaps she's lying, her parents were confused as you said, or her web site is maintained by another.
I think it's a subtle troll.
Well, according to hillct, the name means manly.
It's a little hint, as it were.
LittleZephyr, check your error log, if you can.
You'll see.
I don't know.
I was using 404s to send you a notveryhumorous message.
Is he an idiot?
You're a certified nerd!
manlysoft.
com doesn't appear to be taken.
Vladinator runs a hosting business, probably wants to case the competition.
Who is the rightful leader of Djibouti, then?
karson wins!
Still, karson kicked your ass.
There's no such thing as real name, just a conventional designation.
The question was incoherent, ubernostrum.
What officials?
One can have linguistic jurisdiction over a landmass?
I'd probably get a better conversation talking to this delicious pudding here, ubernostrum, and when we're done, I can eat it!
Sorry, but you're not needed.
Plus, you babble without saying anything.
Interesting
Use that selfcongratulatory tone throughout.
It's sure to garner votes.
Oh, my real name?
My name tag says otherwise.
I haven't been called qpt in a while around here.
Are you really writing an introduction to philosophy for K5?
That's pretty funny.
Didn't somebody produce a software package to write HTML?
No, no, silly.
What I have in mind allows someone to edit in a word processorlike environment and have the software generate the appropriate HTML tags.
Third time's the charm.
And he goes down swinging.
Always, uncle hillct.
She won't be there unless you wait until Tuesday.
Interesting.
I likewise wish to talk to a woman at work to see how we stand.
And she's a workaholic!
I wonder if it's the same woman.
That would be a kick.
Ambiguously.
That's why you should only use globals.
What is the site's intended function?
Because one can't post when the site is down.
I do, on both counts.
It's sweet and inspirational!
I'm not always in the mood for murders or rude jokes on tv.
It's not crap.
K5 happens to be a site inhabited by trolls and fuckwits, so I don't think any harm is done by allowing it to appear as such.
Who are you trying to impress?
Here's an idea.
Require that a person have submitted at least three stories that we voted up before allowing them to submit stories.
It's not hurting anyone in the edit queue.
Everyone does.
I think it's amusing that users are provided with the power to hurt comments and stories in various ways, yet some people expect them not to use these powers to express preference.
No, no.
I'm talking about the vote according to quality movement.
Actions speak louder than words.
I could write a Slashlike piece of software, but what's the point?
I'd target IIS/SQL Server to avoid the filthy nerds.
There should be a site devoted to debates about nerds.
But ultimately, the users justify the service.
If you don't like your users, maybe you should consider a different line of work.
Change careers.
Go back to school.
You could raise bulldogs.
You could become a CPA.
You could start a flowershop.
You could become an editor for a small newspaper!
You could become a public relations guy.
You could become a cellist.
Heavens, there's so much to be.
German for English.
Nonsense.
You probably weren't sufficiently motivated before.
RobotSlave, you ought to go back to school as well.
Do you have the stomach for academia?
You seem to have a good attitude for it, but that's not everything.
I don't know what your terminal degree is.
Or France.
LittleZipper, LittleZeppelin, LittleZoroastrian.
I read K5, and honestly, I don't see any reason to suppose one poster is more mature or intelligent than another.
I've never understood the denigration of one subclass by another.
It's not hurting anyone.
And some people seem to enjoy it.
But if the diary section weren't there, he wouldn't have been able to post it at all.
If he thinks he's better off not writing diaries than having his diaries posted to by people, then he can choose not to write diaries.
If you want to promote civility, patch scoop so that users can delete the accounts of people who post to their stories and diaries.
I don't wish to promote civility.
I quite like a good row.
I don't really see any significant difference between an ASCII goatse and K5's front page.
It's all empty, numbing, banal, and trite.
manobes, because I like that sort of thing.
Rating is too much of a bother.
I think they're intended to provoke fights, actually.
rusty said that at one point.
Umm, quit dorking around, and somebody troll someone else to hell, please.
Kind of, pb.
encontrado and ubernostrum remind me of two little beetles sitting on a branch with horns locked not really going anywhere.
Absolutely!
Rather than belaboring definitions and so forth, they should be making sweeping, controversial claims and countering with personal insults!
Another example, ubernostrum, might be love.
Even though it's impossible to define love precisely, it's nonetheless trivially true that love solely over the Internet is impossible.
Community might be similar.
zuul, define dictionary wn
A community is surely more than simply a set of people.
ubernostrum, if people reenacted a Internetbased community off the Internet, it would be disgusting.
Occassional, trivial, selfcentered exchanges that completely lack accountability and longterm significance are what typify the online community.
An online community taken offline would not be something that anyone would call a community.
Obviously online interestgroups as encontrado calls them are often called communities.
Nobody is debating that.
However, online communities and traditional communities differ in far more radical ways than simply medium as though that were even a small difference.
To tell you the truth, ubernostrum, your argument such that it was reminded me more of how high is up than anything else.
I'm not saying that encontrado did all that great either, though.
Well, I really don't think one thing or another about communities.
I'm sort of an editor.
I press the Spam button in the edit queue, which is kind of like editing.
Oh, just post a comment pointing it out and it will get voted down.
Who did what now?
No luck.
kitten was so afraid I'd evade that he had an IRCop set a ban for my uncloaked IP.
LittleZephyr, you're still forbidden to talk about sex.
Unhealthy relationships with the opposite sex can cause some of the very best issues.
Oooh, classify us.
Do it now.
No excuses.
What about female impersonators?
I've always meant to work on scoop, but I'd have to install it first, and ask for K5's database.
Someday; someday.
Ain't that the truth.
It's a dove.
Better.
LittleZephyr, join #hi, please.
I was behaving.
I wanted to see your awardwinning rendition.
No, I suppose you would need a less sophisticated audience.
You should, LittleZephyr.
Do you have any religion at all?
Can it be used to inject goatse into unsuspecting diaries?
This Vlad's for you.
Vlad's not so bad.
I've done work for Vlad.
I wrote a script for him once.
The following matches LittleZephyr's various nicknames /^littlezephyr_$/i
Same in Perl, ubernostrum.
LittleZephyr is partykidd.
I think it's sweet.
Is it about the Jesuits?
God, I hate them.
I dunno.
I like characters that make sense.
I maintain the characters should make sense.
Some of them, at least.
Generally.
Your wireless connection isn't generally slower?
I assume she's using a command line over SSH?
If so, latency problems are much more noticable than when web browsing.
Half second latency is insignificant web browsing, but really annoying on a command line.
That's my only thought.
It looks right to me.
b matches a word boundry.
That is, the transition from a word character to a nonword character.
x' is a word character and '' is not so in the middle of 'x' is a \b
and '' are both nonword characters, so there's no \b in ' '
Bold it?
That's wordboundry plus sign wordboundry.
Yes, it's a quantifier that means one or more, if not escaped.
Imagine that.
Incompetent fucker.
Joining this channel and seeing the topic always reminds me that women are dumb.
You should use substr, is what you should do.
There's probably a Perl module that does exactly what you're trying to do, dozy, only much better than you could ever manage.
You should hit CPAN.
It breaks backward compatibility.
Nevermind, the joke makes itself.
Personally, I'm thinking in the context of a few particularly lovely bottoms with which I have had the pleasure of being familiar.
Please, go bitching at each other over God knows what.
You obviously haven't the experience to comment knowledgably on the topic.
Yes I have.
Have not, bitch.
I like XML.
I like bottoms.
And so on.
To me, no less.
But that's a top down solution to the problem of me talking, and has already failed over and over again.
And you thought I just perked up for the bottoms.
SARS, is it?
But it's classic, yes.
What's it do?
We need a fulltime scoop lead.
I was thinking ennui would be ideal.
Seriously, how about we have panner quit school to work on Scoop?
Oh, hurstdog.
Of course.
I see where you're going with this, Passion_Fruit.
Your secret is safe with me, buddy.
And what did you do?
Well, if he sucked, the project is better off without him.
Sure you are.
He's off the team.
So what.
The weak are culled by the strong!
Maybe I could be scoop lead.
I absolutely do, Passion_Fruit.
I favor for except when it's more appropriate to use map.
It happened to ubernostrum, yes.
I'm not sure how he cured himself, or if he did.
Someone will wake soon, buddy, and then you'll get it.
Just a few hours more of this, I'm sure.
I reminisce fondly of past asses and opportunities missed.
Oh, but I cannot love an ass without loving the girl.
My romantic nature is to fault.
I've been killed.
Momentarily from here and permanently from other networks.
I was too abusive.
I was also killed from irc.
bondage.
I don't consider it a badge of honor.
Oddly, many activities that you might think would be appropriate on such a network, such as ordering the subs to fight to the death, are in fact not, but there you go.
Hello.
I got a woman and she won't be true, no.
Can scoop help me?
But, man, I love her more than anything!
I broke up with her.
A fiction site that ran Slash?
What then?
Likely.
I don't watch anime.
Jesus.
But would any woman actually want to read that?
Where are you going with this?
I think I speak for all of us when I ask, did you engage in SEXY TEEN MAI SHIRANTU COSPLAY?
Don't talk to me, freak.
Fat fingers.
Your mmms are unnerving.
Terrorists won 'cos The Management wasn't an option.
I did not.
That's from GBU.
A good movie, by the way.
If there are no TUs, why do you need anything but the hide rating?
Well, I'm only going to use the hide rating, and I'm going to encourage other people to do the same.
I don't mind the rating labeling.
At the least, it will put to rest the arguments over how one ought to rate.
Encourage and discourage are pretty openended.
Just to be amusing, you should map 2>encourage, 3>neutral, 4>encourage and convert.
You should have a 50 rating that will randomly appear for a particular person on a particular comment.
My Scoop suggestion for the day A 1 vote should be automatically registered every time a user views a story in the queue.
If the user wishes to manually change the vote to something else, he may.
When's it going to be installed?
I can't wait.
Why me?
I don't wanna be modbombed 
Often not.
Well, I don't want to get pregnant, and haven't, thus far.
I want you to stop talking to me.
I will have you banned from K5.
That was graceful.
You're not a Scoop developer.
What, are you afraid of for?
I like 'foreach $i = 0; $i<10; $i'
I don't usually advertise it.
Let's not!
I'd like to get into a Python vs.
Perl fight, though.
Let's get Java in there too.
I haven't either.
They're a wacky crew.
you're
I hope to move to NYC.
What would a Japanese schoolgirl be doing outside of Japan, though?
Did you take it, encontrado?
It's up to you.
If you're bored, there are worse ways to spend five minutes.
No, the answer is below.
The whole page is a mess of pinkish boxes.
I look at the world through rosecolored lenses.
Anyway, the answer is in bold and starts with You are a and ends with Thinker.
How strange.
Why'd you block cookies?
Seems like a hassle, so I never bothered.
I'd like a scoop patch that'd kill people who modded me down in my diary.
Why'd you post a story to the queue about ratings?
If you don't want it in your diary, perhaps you shouldn't say it at all.
That's a good point.
So the problem is that you can't delete stuff from your diary, even though it supposedly belongs to you?
In contrast, you can take stuff out of the queue willy nilly.
Now that you've pointed that out, that's really weird.
I think you should.
I confess, I thought you were being a bit stupid when I first saw your article.
You nut.
Programming may not be a road you want to go down.
LittleZephyr, you don't want to be an OSS software developer, not really.
An OSS developer.
It's a hobby that will take over your life.
You'll stay up late writing OSS, be exhausted during the day and slide in your classes.
You'll graduate with a bad GPA, do poorly on the SAT 'cos you were too busy writing OSS to study and have to go to community college.
You'll flunk out, and be living with your parents when you're 25.
I suppose that was obvious.
Anyway, why don't you go to school?
Oh man.
Pot or OSS is enough to ruin one's chances, but both?
Both are fun for people who are older and already established.
But for kids, they're poison.
What module are you talking about, again?
I would, ubernostrum.
Without even reading it.
What exactly would you do with more money, if you weren't taxed, ubu?
You'd spend it on still more drugs and loose women, that's what.
Frankly, I think you'd be best off if the state gave you a few bucks a week in bubblegum change and kept the rest out of your fastspending, selfdestructive hands.
subtle
I thought this was a different channel, sorry.
Heh, yeah, you're no drduck.
Good one.
Both, hillct.
In a few decades, the ability to attract women half your age will be an asset.
Not if you're much under, say, 35.
Discussing K5 in #k5 is asking for a ban.
It's true, LittleZephyr.
Go to K5 and type /me sighs and watches another screechy antiriaa antidmca prostealing article rocket to the front page
You'll be gone inside of thirty seconds.
Er, #k5.
So it is.
Sorry.
Haha, sucker.
I'm not zionicman.
I told you.
Oh, haha.
You're zionicman.
Quit playing tricks on me.
EmperorDraco, well, K5 is the only scoop site I use.
The most significant recent bug is the nonneutral neutral rating.
Well, the neutral rating has a weight of 2.
The hide threshold is 1.
Rating a comment neutral pulls it away from the hide threshold.
That doesn't sound neutral.
I'd have two ratings.
A 2 and a 1.
Hide at 0.
I don't really subscribe to the notion of quality, actually.
All comments seem pretty much the same, but people are bent on rating and hiding, so the rating and hiding system might as well be as straightforward as possible.
I suppose it's what you want from pagination.
To limit the number of toplevel comments on a page seems straightforward.
Limiting the total number of comments, regardless of layout  that's harder.
A rewrite of Scoop would allow the design of the database to be rethought with all the features that have gradually accumulated designed in from the beginning.
Or a job.
No, don't do that.
What do you need money for, then?
Put off consumerism for a few more years, maybe.
You should find yourself a patron.
Get a paper route.
Host with geocities.
Join the circus.
A girl named Fergus!
That's freaky.
I'm gonna click that.
The 1 appears to be fairly popular.
Are you the real greenrd?
The real greenrd wouldn't threaten violence.
I don't believe you.
OK, greenrd, what literary character do you look just like?
Then you're not greenrd.
The user greenrd on Kuro5hin.
org gave us a picture, you twerp.
It was a long time ago.
In #kuro5hin
Maybe you were trolling?
Do you wear glasses, greenrd?
Then you must've trolled.
There's no other explanation.
I'm not buying this greenrd act, frankly.
I used to talk to greenrd a fair amount.
I'm qpt, greenrd.
That sounds more like the greenrd I know and love.
I had an idea for a fun Scoop mod.
Every day a random number would be picked between, using K5 as an examle, .
25 and 2.
That day, any comments with an average rating within .
25 of the random number would be hidden.
Well, we're talking about comment rating schemes.
How fun's it really going to be?
What're innodb's advantages?
Except for full text searching?
Most of the accesses to a comment are selects, and it's really not that important for ACIDcompliant comment inserts.
Oh, the table corrupts.
Fantastic.
I thought you just could lose your update.
Anyway, how frequently to you expect it to be corrupted?
It shouldn't take that long to restore from backups and redo logs or whatever mysql uses, and if you only have to do it every few months.
Why not just have a table for story fields?
That way, you could have as many as you wanted, and change them easily.
Elaborate, panner.
Are you worried about insertions or selects?
I don't think it would be that slow.
A three column index organized table well, the mysql equivalent with story id, field id, and field value should be really fast.
I think Scoop should change to MSSQL.
It's the best of the cheaper RDBMS.
I'm not familiar with that one.
LittleZephyr, what do you think should be done about userdefined attributes for stories?
God bless the Internet and God bless us all.
A hangover isn't a good way to start a work week.
Could Scoop be rewritten in C, and then compiled into the Linux kernal along with MySQL and Apache creating a sort of ScoopOS, as it were?
What if I've experience programming on the kernel of another Unixlike OS, but never paid attention to who was in charge of Linux?
Oh well.
Ask me a hard one.
Because she says she is, and most people prefer to take others at their word.
If you don't mean it in a disparaging sense, encontrado.
Do you have any actual evidence, encontrado?
And the common threads that emerge, implicating LittleZephyr?
You don't have anything.
Let's have the proof.
Well, throw together an edit queue special.
Yes, it is.
snicker
Did you try it?
You won't.
I have no idea.
It'll either insert a row or do nothing, though.
I have no experience with PHP.
However, it's either going to execute the SQL or not.
No need to be paranoid.
Let's reopen the robotic slave versus slave to robots debate.
I killed it.
Does PHP not have generic quoting?
Like in perl.
Let's say you wanted to double quote all of what comes after the colon Hello, $user, if that is your real name!
Well, you could do that with escaping and stuff, but it would be a waste.
Perl lets you say qqHello, $user, if is your real name!
And the braces are treated as the double quotes and the actual double quotes are just characters.
The special character is up to you too, so the following are all the same qq qq qq qq/ qq|
Can you format it how you want when you select it from the database, LittleZephyr?
Why not?
At all, or for your application?
ubernostrum, SELECT  FROM table WHERE monthtimestamp_column = 1
There's the posts from January.
Did you even look at DATE_FORMAT, LittleZephyr?
DATE_FORMATEdatetime_column, '%r' gives you the 12 hour time with AM/PM e.
41332 PM
date_format
I'm turning into LZ SQL> set temrout onn
You shouldn't have to escape anything but quotes in a quoted string.
Try it, though.
From the prompt select '%@';
or select '%@;';
I bet it's LittleZephyr.
It's probably misspelled.
Maybe ` identifier quoting.
Does select 3 `The number three`; work?
Yeah, it's like Oracle's .
Some developers use it obsessively around every identifier.
Hey, K5's down.
Great.
Save that notification for later, then.
People also write boring articles about them that no one cares to read.
Really, ratings alone generate a great deal of noncontent.
Iman, RobotSlave and I had a conversation about why K5 is slow, and eventually we concluded that we don't know.
I hope that helps.
Tuning an application of scoop's size would be a handful, Iman.
Iman, yes.
The Perl code might not be at fault.
Apache may be overloaded, or MySQL might be.
Everyone could be performing relatively efficiently, but the whole system lacks the disk throughput necessary.
Maybe they don't have enough memory and are getting caught up swapping when too many operations happen simulateously, even though each operation is relatively efficient.
Just identifying the bottleneck would be a substantial task, though.
Does MySQL have a trace facility?
How many queries do you handle a second?
Do you have a feel?
rusty, is overal disk usage high?
Do you have a way to measure that?
On the database machine.
Strange.
One problem that can kill the performance on a relatively complicated DB app is if tables get aged out of the inmemory cache too quickly, requring disk access to resolve even frequently submitted queries.
But if that were the case, the machine would have steady high disk usage.
Iman, but records aren't accessed sequentially.
Iman, searched for what?
Iman, the records can only be stored sequently by a single logical ordering.
Any other access mode will absolutely blow.
I doubt K5 ever reads large blocks of sequential records, though, so it's largely moot.
K5 generally displays a bare handful of comments, which might not be in insertion order, so what's needed is good random access speed.
I'm far from dismissing it, Iman.
Personally, I've hit very few gotchas with Perl.
Iman, you were OK before.
Implied predicate.
Right.
I just consulted a dictionary, and apparently there a debate about whether than can sometimes function as a preposition.
If it can, then qpt is smarter than me could be correct.
Anyway, it's not intelligence.
Other languages get me routinely.
What are you trying to do?
MySQL?
ubernostrum, I can't think of a way to do it without subqueries.
I suppose it depends on what you think an op should do.
I don't care one way or another for him, but I would've preferred he hadn't become an op.
It wouldn't be necessary, LittleZephyr, if established, contributing members of #k5 weren't permanently banned for little reason.
Well, I can understand wanting more talk about Scoop, but demanding more PHP help to the exclusion of other offtopic chatter seems selfish.
Personally, I think only boolean operands should be valid when used with logical operators and there should be no casting, implicit or otherwise.
Any other behavior encourages bugs.
I was wondering today how MySQL people get by without subqueries.
It seems it would be like playing Quake with only the axe.
Does MySQL have real temporary tables, or are they just tables you don't intend to keep?
Sometimes I don't even bother with <html>, <body>, and so forth.
It still displays fine in IE!
Most of what I listen to has little beat, so though I have a subwoofer, it doesn't do much.
Hmm, I just turned mine off, and the effect was noticable.
I suppose I just hadn't heard it thumping so didn't think much of it.
Yes, \d.
d is for a \ or a 'd', I believe.
No, I'm wrong.
I could've sworn escaping was turned off in square brackets, though.
But it's not!
Well, square brackets mean one of any of these in the brackets.
so efg matches 'e' 'f' or 'g'
If you just put one character in square brackets, then it's confusing as to what you wanted.
Just \d by itself will match a digit just fine.
That matches one number or letter.
Right.
azAZ09$ would match a string of at least one character and only letters and numbers.
Quitter.
I created four tables today.
require
Use is compiletime.
Net_Fish, there's a dynamic loading module for Perl.
Net_Fish, I was thinking of DynaLoader, and that's for dynamically loading C libraries.
Can you run that by us again?
There will always be a place for you in #hello, polytarp.
polytarp is a good fellow, all told.
He's friendly and he means well, but he's not alright upstairs.
See, he drank an awful lot of cough syrup, and he's never quite come back together.
I drink fortified wine.
I think it has extra vitamins or something, hence fortified.
The cough syrup caused polytarp to believe that he's a human polygraph, and an infallible one.
Of course he can no more detect lies than you or I, but he can't be dissuaded.
Real smooth, noway.
I was leaning toward pervert, ubernostrum, but yours is more generous.
I'm really into LARPing.
Yeah, it's great.
Only while strapped into my cardboard armor carrying a plastic sword do I really feel like a man, and not a sniveling, pencilneck geek, who men abuse and women ignore!
No, when I'm LARPing, I'm Sir Agnus Trollslayer, the mighty Scottish Paladin.
I don't see why LARPers are widely maligned.
We're not hurting anyone.
We just like to dress up and have battles!
Gee, what got into him.
Well, ubernostrum, I dub thee Rancor Simperson, the meanspirited court jester.
You have to provide your own hat and shoes, but I can give you a catalog.
I hate to tell you how to do your job, but physical humor doesn't work well in a textbased medium unless the description of the act is itself funny.
If you come on Saturday, sure.
But be forewarned!
Though I am a Paladin, and sworn to the service of good, my Scottish temper sometimes get the better of me.
No, that's not worn out.
My heritage is Scottish, so it makes sense that I would choose a Scottish name.
You're fooling no one, hillct.
Smooth, hillct.
Talez, if you were right, kitten would zero me.
He hates me.
He's probably not going to have the privilege of being trounced by Bush.
Dean will have that honor.
Let's bet on the election.
100 says Bush wins.
There won't be a civil war in 2005.
A civil war would involve actual severe damage to this country, not just a few bruised egos on the left.
Net_Fish, the Attorney General can no more declare martial law than you can.
Calling the US half way to martial law and implying that a civil war would be superior to four more years of Bush doesn't make Bush's opponents sound like reasonable people.
You said that we can only hope for a civil war.
I think you did, and that's really all that matters from my perspective.
I could ask you what you thought he meant, Net_Fish, but you could only tell me by typing, and then the same problem would present itself.
I'm not worrying.
I'm trying to place bets.
I don't have an opinion on that.
Oh, I didn't say it sounded unlikely.
I said I didn't have an opinion.
I don't agree or disagree.
I don't think anything about it.
I don't have an opinion about speculative polls, either.
Gallup performs actual polls, for whatever reason.
rusty, I'd like a feature that would force people to comment in my diary.
Can you do that for me?
I have a personal page somewhere.
It's useless.
You don't have to read them, Talez.
They're marked fiction.
Just skip them.
Vote it down without reading it, if you must.
It's going to get voted down whether or not you pay attention to it, Talez.
You really could skip it altogether.
Not everyone will.
Why should other people only be able to submit stories that you might like?
Either vote or don't vote, but the queue is how K5 decides the worth of a story.
There's no sense in trying to filter what goes into the queue.
I'm saying the queue works fine the way it is.
Stories go in and get voted on.
People like submitting fiction and quite a few users like reading it.
I don't see why they should be deprived just 'cos you have to click on every goddamn link you see.
You get that in every section.
Every section gets stories that have terrible spelling and grammar.
That's not what it's used for, though.
Quite a few articles change substantially on their trip through.
Some of them even get voted up.
I'm saying your preference shouldn't count for anything, Talez.
The queue should be open.
The real question in this whole webwench situation is, I think, would you hit her?
I wouldn't.
No, Talez.
You should become tolerant of the mere existence of things you don't like but don't have to look at.
You're being terribly selfish, from my perspective.
Let others have their fun.
You're not being invaded.
All the articles and comments you like are still there.
That's how democracy works, really.
If you want to be informed on political issues, you have to listen to the dirty, lying rhetoric of the Democrats|Republicans.
God damn, that just gets me steamed.
He ought to be fixing search instead of playing Satanic roleplaying games!
Aww, I've been trolled, haven't I?
Sorry, it's in my head and that's where it stays, for now.
You'd have to ask #CMF, singularity.
Didn't seem to work.
It's a bot.
An inferior bot.
That's about all it does.
The other channel has the best bot ever.
Did you finish the novel?
When will it be available on amazon.
Hooray economy!
I spent almost a billion by myself.
On Unix.
They're ASCII 13 10
In decimal.
You shouldn't use \r or \n if you have a particular byte sequence in mind.
It's not portable.
Oh, we all knew it wasn't you.
No worries!
Time for an IRC log posting?
I think so.
I hope I don't get wiped.
Coupled with the previous diary on the page, though, it's great.
Hello, LittleInvalid.
Then have a beer.
Hullo, tlt!
Anya, I finished a first draft yesterday
Not sure.
Do you want the read the draft?
She doesn't look that skinny in other shots
I sent it, Anya
It needs some polish, but I think it's pretty good
hehe, yes
Is it too much?
It's so perfect, though
I'm sure you're right.
I'll settle it down a bit.
PlatinumDragon, there's no way on earth I would ever get a story anywhere near /.
s front page
Anya, if I tone down the last two paragraphs, do you think it has a chance of at least lingering in the queue?
A pity, you were almost finished.
I agree with Anya
I don't know why I even bothered going there
It was an utter waste of time
Look, I can respect that you like that sort of stuff, rev, but any normal person is going to think it's boring crap
Please calm down.
Take what back?
Anya, the queue is so fucking busy.
It kinda sucks.
No, I haven't.
I don't want it to get lost in all that shit 
rev classified
Need to know basis only, and all that.
I haven't rewritten the end yet.
My darling love and editor, be patient.
Posted
I love this moment
aww, thanks
Or the CPL.
The Crapflooder Pubic License  No typos
I want to see an example of romantic porn
It's so small, I can't tell if it's romantic or not
So anyone can catagorize?
Hell, I can help some
Is it okay if I wank while I work?
I just registered
thanks for picking up on the FUCKING OBVIOUS, rev
I can rate pics
But I can't sort?
I just sorted one
You pointed out that a cure for racism is racist.
I mean a cure for race
Oh okay, my apologies
I love you, rev.
I really do.
And if you quote the jargon file at me I'll come right through this monitor upside your head < that's great
Help pornforge sort
It's not the porn, it's the helping
Helping is fun and exciting
k5 is brilliant as always.
You must just be drunk.
rev, I have to hand it to you, that line kicks ass
rev, the comments in that article are scaring me
Rusty's reply was classic We're too stupid, make it less subtle
night, jelerial
Does crack burn green?
I've never once smoked crack
rev, are you a gz ed?
If you were going to bang a drunk bush daughter, which would it be?
But younger
girls are stupid that way
and every other way, really
You joke, but the world would be a much better place without alcoholic beverages
might try #slashdot
Pointing out the lice on the models?
Doesn't that kind of spoil the mood?
tokage isn't in here, genius
yes, it died
haha, why don't you just strip naked, paint yourself trollorange and run around screaming I AM A TROLL.
I say that, but of course you'll get tons of bites.
Bastard.
What the HELL are you talking about?
Yeah, I got that.
Fuck off.
Anya, I had an evil idea.
I will resubmit.
Have you read the comments?
I was thinking of reposting it to humor with a big insulting disclaimer at the top and bottom
This guy needs to be taken out back.
Yeah even though this is satire, this is not funny to me; it is too close to the truth.
I feel good about it, though.
They can be made to jump, and I'll get better at it.
What the fuck do you know about games, ShigeruMiyamoto?
sorting pics is kinda strange
if there is any justice, GZ went to hell
We are out to get you, zikzak
BlueBear!
I was just looking for you
Oh, not much
I said not fucking much, now back the fuck off, bitch.
Anya, my trolls story had a quiet and ignoble end 
It was sectioned
Anya, do me a favor?
Fluff me, k?
Anya, do me a favor?
Anya> sure | <qpt> Fluff me, k?
Anya> sure!
Well, it looks like you were the next one to mention it.
So kick yourself.
Or what about that other song Anya is a Fluffer, and no amount of PMS'ing will change that?
Just remember, fluffing makes baby Anya cry.
you're making me angry.
you wouldn't like me when i'm angry
i get all big.
and fluffy
He proly didn't hear you
I'm going to write a little guide how to and how not to respond to satire.
One of the not points will be Do not drool all over your keyboard with rage because you don't find it funny
I hope so
shouldn't something amazing be happening now?
What are their names!
How sexist of you
You bitch.
Now I'm getting all worked up.
I need a fluffing
A plate.
You're supposed to ask for heads on a PLATE
Apparently not.
You don't need table manners at Wendy's!
Wendy doesn't care, she feeds you regardless.
What would you do with them?
hey Anya BlueBear and em
Are you at work?
Well, grab some chick, drag her under your desk, and bang the fuck out of her
Gandalf called me a piggy
No, it didn't make sense
There isn't much we can do.
And I was so close 
I was on the #k5 access list, you know.
Nobody told me there was a trolltalk on k5.
Nobody ever tells me about anything!
No thank you.
I'm there now.
It's quite lame 
I've heard myths about a secret powerful organization of trolls.
Can you guys do something about Bowie?
sort of
Seattle
unfortunately
I haven't much of anything done.
I should've been in bed hours ago.
You geeks, always fretting over your computers.
I'm sure you do!
But a nongeek wouldn't be running mod anything.
My apologies.
Very well, Sylvain, you're tragically technologically hip.
Do you feel better now?
Is geek an insult?
I thought em was a troll.
That was pure unadulterated truth.
Then is he a troll, or an activist?
I am tired of the lies, so I'm starting to write stories, and true ones.
Did you just compare me to shby?
Shoeboy is a moral degenerate
I want to use K5 to spread a positive message.
I have a better idea.
Post a do use drugs story, and have all the reasons be foolish.
You're in California.
How cold can it be?
I couldn't bear that
farewell
I'm sure the earth thanks you for your environmentally conscious mode of transportation.
I know how to drive, but am not licensed to do so.
I fucking hate geeks > Any cancer for Microsoft has to be the salvation for the rest of the world.
What a stupid thing to say.
Is virotic a word?
The world has bigger problems than Microsoft, for fuck's sake.
And the worst thing is, even if that poster was kidding, there are /bots who agree with his sentiments
How strange.
The score on shoeboy's story just.
jumped.
Anya, you do seem to be obsessed with homosexuality.
What's up?
Happy troll tuesday!
But it isn't Tuesday!
It is in my time zone!
No, I think Being Vlad'd already refers to something
Really.
You really don't want to know.
Of course, but not for worthless faggot crapflooders such as yourself.
Anya, you about?
The shit is hitting the fan in shoeboy's article.
Look what you've gone and done.
wrong window, lb
zikzak, let's go to wendy's!
I'm not obese, zikzak.
There's a Wendy's fairly close
5 minutes in a car for me
Well, can I come live with you and be close to Wendy's?
I don't see why I should pay the rent if I can't sleep inside
I chain smoke also
But, I get lonely at night, and need to cuddle
Hell, rev, I'd like to see a pic of anyone fellating you
I'm obsessed with the song rolling
It's miss america!
I've seen you, rev.
You look surly
Thanks for the offer, but I'm afraid that on seeing the picture I'd have an irresistible urge to masturbate and then I'd feel bad later.
Anya is apparently in the mood for a little masturbation
jelerial, are you around?
goddamn it!
what do you mean access denied!
Is pornforge public information?
can we tell people about it?
Alright.
I wanted to check.
Well, rev, that's quite a pic
when in rome.
HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAH!
I have come to the conclusion that I am better looking than the entire thc put together, so suck that down, bitches.
But how?
Anya, I'm sorry, but no
ha, big fucking deal, anya.
I won it also!
Yeah, you have a winning personality.
It's going to fucking win you an asskicking one of these days.
I think you're a goddamn fucking liar
Everyone is.
I think you have some eating issues, you fat fucking tub!
Yeah, I dunno where that came from
Hey, fuck man, you have no idea what it's like in my shoes.
Got that, asshole?
It's a figure of speech
I figure you should shut the fuck up!
Hey, fuckin' get off my back and I'll be cool
Fuck you.
They were nothing.
They were shit.
It is the end of the world
Without those accounts, shoeboy stories are going to die a lot faster.
And that sucks.
rusty, their practically your children.
Hell, they act like it.
How can you call them humorless!
A mother is supposed to see only the good in her children
woah, qslack really did go ballistic
It's Inoshiro
You know it is
About an hour, Anya_?
Hey everybody, let's go TROLL K5!
or #k5
stories is all that matters
no, rusty, we can't
rusty, it's important that old troll stories be archived in a readable form
I didn't say what it was important for
It's been almost a year
The queue is still there, and it's flooded in utter crap
But not many trolls
rusty, just for you, I will rewrite scoop into the tightest cleanest piece of VBScript ever.
I am the second coming!
The holy trinity
gee, thanks vlad
ttm, yes.
Vlad turned into an obnoxious wanker while you were gone
Oh, Vlad, there's something I wanted to tell you 'bout GZ
There's these idiots.
They post a lot of comments that aren't really worth reading.
I just wanted you to know.
Anya, are you around?
bout a quick.
oh wait
You're out of that business
you do that
What book?
I thought you didn't go to that book signing
books are a joke
talking?
I'm writing a fairy tale
As in, it ends with everyone fucked
No, not at all.
My fairy tale is for k5
I don't know either
What are you talking about!
r u a crakhed!
That's a slanderous rumor.
I have nothing against women.
Hmm, slowly?
yes, I would
Who put her in a vice, and why?
damn mob, having all the fun
Would you like a very rough draft?
It's quite rough, but there you go
It needs some work, and today's my birthday, so my girl's doing something for me
thank you
Do you know what's depressing?
When I do finish it up and post it, some people are going to completely not get it.
They'll say, eek!
hot grits!
must be a troll, 1
It's fairly blunt, really
You want to use phpnuke on pornforge?
You needn't try to bait the crapflooders.
fries in a frosty
Put it on your computer.
And feel like a rebel
Hello, shoeboy
I don't know.
I'm trying to do homework, but lack motivation.
To what?
and from what?
Oh, slashcode
from perl
What for?
I've never used it, or MS SQL
Not Access?
Wall loves Dworkin
Hi, lb!
Shoeboy, it's all a big fun game, and I'll tell you privately if you promise not to reveal it.
I can't even walk and chew gum at the same time with my iq
I've never had a class that didn't have the word remedial in the title
Hey now, I hear that Hemos is actually fairly intelligent.
Taco gives him money, though!
I think he's cute!
He doesn't seem to care about dozens of slash monkeys flaming his grammar and spelling
That's hell
I have to absorb slashdot 15 minutes at a time
I love this <CmdrTaco> we know who is doubles.
Then he will take you up on your offer of help for the database
You'll hear from him pretty soon.
I have a feeling
Who was fascdot?
You should tell rusty
Just to annoy him
Even better
mirc rox
mirc 1z kr4d
Ip masquerading, goof
Actually, rooted some kid's box at spu, and use it for stuff
I rooted, that is
WIPO doesn't need encouragement
Surprise!
You need me to go over it again using smaller words?
I want to let you both in on a secret
Do not tell shoeboy, though, okay?
qp = The WIPO Troll = the real Heidi Wall
No, stallman is too busy.
Yeah, it could be him
What for?
Is that bad?
I wasn't planning on it
Geekizoid is going downhill
It's full of idiots
That's a big typo
I have scottish ancestry
I even have a scottish last name!
FAGGOTS NEW STORY
Kernel 2.
2 Released by michael
FAGGOTS NEW STORY
GeForce 3 Demoed  Running DOOM 3 by Hemos
FAGGOTS NEW STORY
Followup On TuxTops by Hemos
FAGGOTS NEW STORY
Slashback Smallness, Turns, South Australia by timothy
Hello, KatieB
Hi, spiralx
What's up!
Are you trying to generate the biggest irc log ever?
A noble goal, indeed.
I'm trying to register a /.
userid, but it won't let me.
I just created the email address, and a search in the user database shows that the user doesn't already exist.
Any ideas?
It shouldn't be
You can't have an id that's similar to someone else's?
Who would troll trolls?
That's a silly idea ;
It's groovy, KTB
WIPO just gets deleted, though
We all know, perdida.
It will stain your hands.
Modding WIPO up
I care
But I do not know
98SE is krad
You heard it here first
I wonder if Mindless Link Propagater is taken on k5
I'm going to class!
Buh bye!
has katz been here?
That's too bad
Well, I'm gone again 
hullo, perdida
Heidi Alayne Wall
Would you really want Alayne as a middle name?
hehe, pretty much
No, let's hear your middle name!
I can't guess your middle name
Dumbass?
perdida going to win some amazon goodies?
I'm off to work!
Buh bye!
As well you should, KTB
In America, we deny the existence of vaginas
You may kill as many innocent people as you like, but you may not have anything to do with a vagina
At least on tv
I don't suck camels!
I mean, Heidi doesn't suck camels
KTB, you really need to start using the letter 'z'
Your posts scream I AM FROM THE UK
Good job!
Remember, Heidi is a lovely young woman, but she lacks your cultured sensibilities and skill with the English language
She's American, after all
totally!
Hullo, rusty!
What did you do, KTB?
I saw that.
Didn't the guy deserve it?
They should use scoop or slash 
Hullo, shoeboy!
You've gotten some 4's, shoeboy
I think
Maybe I'm on crack
I still think Peter Johnson is one of the funniest things I've heard 
Is it Peter Richard Johnson perchance?
That's unfortunate
Already you're fighting.
this is good
That's not very dramatic
Shoeboy, that just doesn't make any sense at all
I mean
Most of my mojo goes elsewhere
shoeboy I actually don't think I've seen Heidi since your obsession began.
I find this odd.
ethically
I can't find her at all.
Maybe once or twice a month
I'm too far ahead of her to have any classes with her.
You must have a huge head 
I would think perdida would like Sputnik
Signall 11
Signal
I was Vlad for a bit
I felt weird
I didn't like myself one bit
vlad==tastiness
And a PAEDOPHILE
Hullo, GoatsecxGirl!
Did you try to shift you '=' sign, KTB?
No, it's the thought that matters
That's disgusting
How do you sleep at night?
KTB is probably drinking himself into a stupor to dull the pain
Poor pb, lol
Hullo, pb!
I'd like to give lb a piece of my mind, but I have no power or friends
So I'll hold my peace
I'm going to make dinner
But seriously, one of you needs to do something about lb
You missed what I said before.
Umm, we were talking about how you're underappreciated
Serious!
pb, you lie!
Or have I, for that matter?
pb, guess what!
I wrote a troll, and actually got a response!
I thought so.
It's a start.
What's an anchor troll?
Hello, lb
lb, I want you to know something
I forgive you, lb
For your horrid behavior toward dear KTB
I might've clicked that had you billed it differently
My browser only shows images and links to images.
just what's important
Exactly.
I have the porn browser
It shows only porn!
Yes, he fancies himself a trollbuster
At least if I remember correctly
lb, in a word, porn
Hello, perdida
Geekizoid just looks pretty bad
No, pb.
You may only be one.
Games and porn rule
But porn is socially unacceptable
Completely different languages, in fact
If you passed them.
And then too some more
I have a Score5, Not Gay Enough
pb, my troll has 7 replies now!
Most of them complaining about it being a troll, though
How'd it annoy you?
Yes, there is that 
Why not logged in?
What's wrong with them?
But they're cheap
Take that
Some more
a > b; b>c; a; .
I skipped a step
I want hires titties
mv, want to have a cuseeme wankfest?
Of course you do, but I understand why you say no in front of your friends
In the room?
Why don't programs that use a dynamic port allow you to choose one that you wish to use?
It seems that it would help firewalled users a lot
A range of 1, even, if you so wished
But some people don't have free ranges
I want to do it to vlad
But I can't 
I'm going to earn your trust, though, so you make me op
Then I'll kick vlad
That will be fine
My whole purpose in life is to kick vlad
Why'd you do that?
v gives you a voice
Which doesn't matter in this channel
mv there is no such rule?
Oh, the mailing list!
It's okay if they don't know about the hidden sid?
What if they missed jsm's funeral?
And me!
What am I at?
please don't say 2
What's 69?
Oral pleasure from cp?
Nobody told me what I am   What level do you have to be to get questions answered?
If I kill pb, may I have his points?
What if I already did?
How does one move up and down?
Do not attempt to adjust your set?
I hate miniluv
How does one view the access list?
thanks
can I come back?
That seems rude.
If someone wants to kick me, they should be able to
Hullo, shoeboy
which one?
I liked that one 
Apparently, it's interesting
There is an xpool?
I didn't click the link.
I don't click links anymore
After I got compugeeked, I just stopped
I can't hotmail without javascript
And I'm addicted to hotmail
Does NT have a cat command?
can you type multiple files?
I didn't know about for
crying is my best and only troubleshooting tool
It does, though
When you're cute and blond
They are
Hullo, KTB shoeboy!
KTB, I wrote a troll!
thanks
I don't think I'm going to read the book
Hooray for Bush!
Heidi has been called out as Signal 11, shoeboy, and several other people.
I'm gonna get you, sucka
I think using his 19th amendment rights would be more effective
No idea
He was arrested.
Laugh?
Yes, that's why I don't break the law, ever
Texas has a three strikes your dead law.
you're
Who are k0w and tb2?
And why do they reload slashdot all day?
I think the baddies in Q2 are arabs.
I remember playing this flying sim
Where you could bomb SF
It was fun
No, the talk of disenfranchisement and such gives me angry ticks
And I have to go get a drink
Is Romero the gay one?
Carmack is the smart one?
I was just trying to throw something, anything, out there as soon as possible
Unbelievable!
I got a mod point!
Now I'm excited.
At 2, it looks reasonable enough to respond to
KTB I got a reply before you 
I also got a point before you 
Hullo, Bridge_Troll!
I liked that one too
I'm a regeya rater 
KTB I had an idea
We should go over to #k5 some time and get Signal 11 to teach us how to karma whore
Hullo, pb!
Why not?
Yes, but Signal 11 is like the Yoda of karma whores
pb, in a word, how does one karma whore?
pb, in a word, how does one karma whore?
pb> qp quickly'
I think it should be 'bt' not 'BT'
k0w kicked tb2's ass
pb, in a word, how does one karma whore?
pb> qp quickly'
What post?
That one was weak
And now it's back down to 1
I know.
I get modded underrated so much.
It pisses me off
overrated, I mean
I'm going to email taco and tell him to get rid of 'overrated'
I figure it will work
He probably just hasn't taken it out because nobody has asked him
ttm, nobody has posted your geekizoid article yet
I was writing a story, then I ran out of steam
haha, perdida is gone
Now we can.
pb, we cooperate so much, it gets suspicious
Dumbasses?
It makes a lot more sense when combined with multiple universe theory
I think that big bang was a wretched thing to name it
my b/f on sex
this will only take a minute, and you won't feel a thing
Maybe in the broadest sense
Your actions will go every way that they can.
True, but that's determined 'after' the outcome, so to speak
But then I'm not responsible for locking your away for your actions ;
bye, cp
I understand only VB
Spinoza is maddening, but can give some structure to how a layperson looks at physics, if read correctly
I'm never going to get to be a trusted user
Really?
Why not?
I'm very light, just curious too
I thought I put on a perfect act, I don't understand why there would be mistrust
Are they cute?
I'm going to start giving regeya 1, I think
qp_fooding
well, it was weirding me out
It does indeed
Communista wasn't fazed, either
Made up words are fun!
phun, even
The slashbots are mocking my trolls
What does it mean?
Then that seems like it should be a word
Then, you didn't make it up.
Oh, an independent discovery!
I wish you'd just decide if you invented the word or not
And I don't!
Okay then.
That doesn't release you from royaly obligations to whoever patented the word, though
I can leave, if you two want a moment.
Hullo!
What are you writing?
Guess what?
I got 24 replies!
I gave the url
I also wrote taco complaining about the overrated mod
He wrote back and called me a paranoid
Well, I did tell him that I wasn't going to provide the account I used because I had heard that he bitchslapped people who bugged him
Well, I do ignore paranoids who believe silly rumors.
That's all
Do you think he'll hurt qpt if I email him back?
You got walked all over for your post in the developer consortium.
It was supposed to be a kwhore, no?
That seems like a lot of work
Like fatgeek?
I like fatgeek
Oh, now that's good too
Amazingly, Geekizoid is down
I wrote taco back, with the account name.
We'll see what happens
No, I'm certain that overrated will be gone by the end of today
Amazing
I could get karma if not for 'overrated'
In response to KTB's karma whore
As the moderator responsible for marking the parent of your post as Troll, I'd like to say that I do indeed have a clue.
I marked Heidi Wall's comment down, because it's quite apparent that the author is a troll.
Granted, this comment isn't really deserving of being called a troll, but
Pathetic, not funny attempt at karma whoring wasn't an option.
If I get hit for it in m2, well, so be it.
I laughed so hard 
Oh dear, you seem to have been driven insane by it
Yes, driven insane
I do too, so I don't own any posessions
It makes it easier
If you have a job, though, they tend to demand that you have certain posessions
Well, no
Sadly, naturalism is not yet a corporate option
it went away.
Feminists don't have minds
What article?
I hope Larry doesn't read /.
I had a 26 reply troll, including a response from the guy who runs the website featured in the article!
I feel giddy
thanks
I'm going to have overrated done away with
I had 3 overrated mods on a post
I almost cried
grr, I'm too slow
It can't hurt
Hullo, lb!
I noticed.
I was bummed.
lb, I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that
so hall?
Less, beer, more packing maybe?
I have a comman there that doesn't really want to be there.
Have you been using lots of drugs lately?
serious question.
Oh, then scratch that
Yes, a magic S
I was kicked from #k5!
Talking about centipedeinfested vaginas
lol, and again!
I write crap, just trying to get in early 
I'm sure k0w could easily be adapted.
If lb wasn't idling, he could tell you
You'll make him mad.
cp, that's terrible!
use the source, perdida.
use the source
cp, she seems to be totally missing it
can't troll
I'm doing everything, but my goddamn proxy just crapped out
some goddamn idiot stole socket.
pm from the machine in the clear, so I'm stuck behind a broken proxy
wonderful
Where?
I would've been way earlier if my proxy hadn't misbehaved
anyway, yours is better 
Hello, kips
Now it's just kip
I think I'm starting to piss #k5 off
It won't be long before they ban my whole domain 
Just being an ass, and I'm not banned yet
Talking about centipede infested vaginas and such
So I see.
I was being an ass and talking about centipede infested vaginas
And I haven't been banned, they were just threatening
It was fairly easy
Someone brought up a barrel full of vaginas
Yeah, I know
I think the context was You couldn't get laid if you fell into a barrel of vaginas
kip, thanks, you're right.
Today I haven't gotten any replies.
just karma.
Which is nice, but not what I want.
Is this true?
I always imagined taco on top.
that came out wrong
Taco called me a paranoid yesterday!
Still, way more than /.
is worth
You wait, they'll be beating down Vlad's door soon.
I hope it was as good for you as it was for me
never mind how I got ops, but what will get this cummy taste out of my mouth?
You want a job maximizing leverage?
Yeah, but it just sounds so dirty.
And useless
It sounds like it pays well, though.
Sure there is.
I get great stuff off of sourceforge.
I get most of my software off of hotline \
Yeah, so do I, indirectly
Either that or I steal it from work
I love Microsoft Select
open sores programs?
No kidding.
you should be able to kill the server whenever you want
And it shouldn't matter
Not that you should kill your server
That would be retarded
What's your database of choice, shoeboy?
All I've gotten to play with much is Oracle
They're going to start using SQL server at work for something.
Hopefully I'll get to play with it
I have utterly nothing to say about RPM or aptget.
yet I feel a strange urge to post
I'd need a bit more than that
Why's that?
I actually don't know anything at all about Linux, which makes it hard.
So I've heard.
I'm going to lose karma for that one
I'm a very nice person.
It's hard to flame
I have no idea what constitutes controversy in the Linux community  besides being proms
That has nothing to do with the article!
That's very good.
I'll have to remember to think backward
I've only had one that really took off, but I have no idea why
I thought it sucked at the time
Yes, that one
I thought the 'roving gangs' would give it away for sure
lol, very good
You're very good at this.
the /bots are so forgiving, though.
I love them
I didn't figure
They're actually replying to that piece of shit I put up!
A few of them, anyway
Hullo, KTB!
Well, I had never heard trolling put so backwards like that.
That's very helpful.
And he's a fine teacher, too
I haven't heard back from Taco yet, about getting rid of overrated
Any minute now, though.
He's busy being an artiste, no doubt.
I don't actually know what RMS says
thanks, k0w
we needed it 3 times
goddamn it
2 whole minutes, and somebody is already calling it a troll
That was you!
It was too
Yes, and shoeboy tagged it!
I don't know
oh, thanks
I love it when people reply to tell me it wasn't a good troll
You still are forgetting to use 'z's, though
I know it's not subtle.
I wanted to be first 
Can you bring back MMM for old time's sake?
I loved that account.
I just got modded down 
4, not 5?
That's excellent, shoeboy
I prefer backs, though
I'm hoping that 'qpt' will be very forgetable
So I don't get people hunting me
Slashbots are misogynists?
Hey, neither have I!
I can't either
I would not lick an anus
Oh, Clinton
I don't know
Well, did he lick her ass, or her anus?
yes, but I imagine it also tastes like shit
I got another overrated!
I want to kill!
Is there any explaining how to have sex with a girl?
That would be fun to post
I think I've seen that.
on slashdot
I'm getting raped 
buh bye karma
Hullo, ttm!
I'm beyond help 
It worked that time
Are you an op?
I'm at 1 for the first time.
I feel weird.
The second needs to shed it's 'troll'
and it could work
If it wasn't marked troll and at 0, people might respond
Probably
27 minutes since it was posted?
What's that?
Generally not.
I'm sure you're right, ttm
kip sorta obvious
Can you obfuscate it?
When it's your homepage?
I have to see this.
did you ever answer my request from earlier, kip?
You're a hero, ttm!
To bring back MMM
I like him 
You got some huge ones, I recall
Maybe the name really does matter.
I don't think they noticed
I would love to get 7 or 8 consitently 
oh great
I thought you were going to say the office moron asked you to lick his anus
somebody actually responded to my claim that redhat is cheaper than debian
Perdida seems to really want to win that contest, though
I didn't know the prize was cash
You seem to know quite a bit about the specifics of her circumstances, KTB.
Yes, pj, I know
I wish Vlad was here
I need to play more games
That's me
That's because Scottish people can't be trusted
It's unfortunate.
A rifle would be so very useful in wooing perdida.
No, that knife won't help at all.
How a rifle would be useful?
You could hunt game with it, sell the game, buy a plane ticket, fly to ohio, and woo perdida
Grouse will do
You could bring her a grouse.
She would love it.
what is a grouse?
I thought as much, but wasn't certain
Women are intrigued by jailed men.
Does he have grice?
shoeboy, do you ever post on topic anymore?
Well, I got into that one late 
I got my first email from a poor artist thanking me for standing up for their rights!
As a small independent artist, I really appreciate your post at Slashdot.
I'm all for open source and even, free music but, at the same time, I wonder
how these people would feel if every single bit of their work was
distributed on the net for free and they never got paid for anything.
Everybody's got to make a living  I just wish this was taken into account
a little more in these discussions.
thanks.
Liz Galtney
erotictrance@earthlink.
net>   < what is this?
I hope so
I will, but I've got to go to work now.
buh bye!
Vlad, forgive me, but I've been waiting a long time to do this.
thanks!
Hullo, KTB
KTB, maybe they'd do a cartoon of you.
with someone else  ;
There was weeks of bitching when one of the broadcast networks showed the side of a breast
Because sex is evil!
What's to censor about buffy?
But what's to censor?
Hullo, pb!
I never leave #trolls.
Even when I'm gone, I feel better knowing that I'm logged in and on #trolls
KTB, what's 221123.
23  438393.
Well, it's already taken you too long.
No, it was a multiplication problem
One that would be no difficulty for a bot
pb  shhh.
that's the idea
KTB, are you running on a pentium, perchance?
You're running on computer hardware, and you weren't given any arithmetic ability at all?
That's terrible.
So nobody cums on me?
That's no fun.
More obscure philosophies such as?
That's trite, xriso
That's just obnoxious.
Which proof did you use?
Like everything else about you.
There.
I jerked you off.
Now, are you going to tell me?
hooray!
But I'm sure you had many people to tell you just how they thought it was wrong 
When are we going to have a new story?
Quickies suck
Hullo, perdida!
I love to hate him
He cracks me up
He'll become a troll, though, soon
Hmm, so he is!
What's that, KTB?
Thank you, auntfloyd!
Vlad is being trollslapped now?
lol, so he is!
This cracked me up
That seems a little obvious
Maybe write something that critiques his troll busting?
In the same tone that he critiques trolls?
Take credit for my ideas because I'm new.
No problem.
SpecialOlympicSponsor?
Speaking of which, what's better than getting a gold medel in the Special Olympics?
I like to think I was in on it before it was hip, but I'm afraid that's not true
No, it doesn't
No, it's by IP
Turning cookies off doesn't help.
Well, that's interesting
It looks like jelerial is on trial 
I have no idea whatsoever.
You think?
That's my KTB, sharp as a tack!
Go for it, pb
I submitted can I borrow $3.
Nor mine, although they're much better
I agree with KTB.
This is serious.
Hullo, shoeboy!
It's maddening
That stupid Questions is unmovable
Go pb!
I get $3.
Hmm, I got in a little late
So you did, you kwhore
I don't think I'll ever get modded up again by an unfriendly 
kicks?
I'm being utterly ignored.
No mods, no replied.
I might as well not exist
You're amazing, KTB
All I can manage is 1 wienie reply
jelerial = taco?
noooo!
Don't say that in front of KTB
Well, you wouldn't understand, being scottish
Oh, don't be hurt.
May I?
I heard that Heidi Wall was actually a troll account
That's why I'm saying it here.
I know you guys can keep a secret.
xriso is gone
bye, rev
My troll took off and got all of two replies \
recognising?
hmm, that's helpful
I will get myself some mojo!
Now, why do you have so much trouble whoring, though?
Oh, that's terribly harsh
qpt has the highest karma any of my /.
accounts ever have
Most of them just go down from 0 
My brain was stuck between kwhore and troll, and I delivered a messy abortion
Hullo, ttm!
Aww, was it one of you guys who responded to my post in the Claud Shannon article?
Don't tell me someobody is reall that stupid
really
Any of what comments?
So it is 
Can anyone tell me definitively who first poured hot grits down their pants?
My earlier question was serious.
Surely one of your knows who started it
KTB, thanks, but you know that's not what I meant
Yes, two letter names are so rare around here.
AC couldn't have meant anything except Anoynmous Coward
I didn't read it correctly.
Forgive me, mastah kip.
I don't know how
I won't be able to read the screen when I do
And then what?
I guess I'll just have to live with your wrath, in that case 
3y3 ph33r mY p3n15!
I've managed to avoid seeing japscat.
Is it worth a look?
Really.
I'm very careful with the links I click.
What about compugeek?
I would just turn javascrip off, but some sites don't work at all without it
So fast, that sometimes in runs right into system memory and goes BOOM!
Nobody has been noticing me lately at all!
My Shannon post briefly saw 0 and picked up another reply, though
What is a transhumanist?
Hilarious?
It's sublime.
I'm a believer
What's wrong with them?
Imagine that!
People forming a social group focusing on causing trouble for /.
I never would've imagined such a thing
How do they meet and communicate?
I was hoping there was a #annoyinglittlefucks
I spent a day and a half as an op in #trolls.
It was the most wonderful time of my life.
Kip, why'd you kick me from my own channel?
So, nyeh
Hullo, vlad!
Yeah, geekizoid on PHP Nuke.
That would be a great idea.
Because he insulted your mad skillz?
lol, he's getting under your skin, though
Just like he wants to
That's why he's playing me up, just to piss you off
Flamebait?
That's just not true
I do too
Mine got hit with flamebait 30 seconds after I posted it, so it's dead
I don't find olympic that annoying
Should I start advertising?
aww, why not?
Except from per^H^H^Hmoderators
and slashbot
Let's send lots of email to taco claiming to be him and being really bitchy
It's a wonder kip doesn't go  PHP's 
Can you export them to slashdot?
All slash sites should have a shared mod point pool
Does anyone have modpoints on k5?
I really need something modded up
Yeah, take karma whoring tips from KTB
He's great at it
Pizza is hard to get in the states at all
KTB, I have a serious question
Am I really just spiralx?
And not an different person?
Well, that is well known.
But the real question is if qp is also spiralx
I liked it better when the sig mentioned me
It was egoinflating
Yes, for a little while
hehe, that sounds a little naughty
Don't mind us, get back to slapping
ooh, I'm slow
Let's see who gets tagged by OS first 
I'm taking off.
Buh bye!
How Scottish.
kick a man while he's down
You don't win, though.
Either that, or you have to role over and let England do you up the ass!
How can the be conquered when they give up at the drop of a hat?
Being conquered implies some resistence at some point.
France is bad, too.
You're right.
Exactly.
Scotland has never conquered anyone.
Yeah, you guys sure lived up to that
Anyway, where are my manners.
Hullo, ds022b!
You did it, KTB!
haha, that's like giving asprin to someone suffering from multiple gunshot wounds
For gunshot wounds to the head
If you say so, pb.
I've only once had the opportunity to give first aid to someone suffering from a gun shot wound to the head, and excedrin wasn't the first thing that sprang to mind.
Well, to my mind
A bullet was the first thing that sprang to theirs!
oh, that's terrible
Nobody is hot after being shot in the head.
That's gross
How is that all similar to a story about someone who was shot in the head?
Honestly, pb, I'm not seeing the parallel
A woman's face is very important.
That's where blow jobs come from!
On a side note, what does it mean when your woman is in the living room bitching at you?
pb it means her leash is too long!
I don't know, ttm
I'm going to class.
Much love to all of you!
buh bye!
This is very gratifying
I'm amazed by how long a post can keep picking up replies.
I used to think that only the first few stories got any play
perdida, I like it   Equal opportunity osteoporosis
thanks
Maybe we should just hire someone to refresh /.
all day?
I rely on k0w and tb2
But k0w has been misbehaving
lol, that was you?
I thought it was remarkably wrong for posing as a correction
perdida I wish I could do that at will
Now, John Wayne was a real man
With 70 real pounds of impaction in his bowels
You're trolling yourself?
You should know better than to feed trolls
Somebody tell me who or what a Fascdot Killed my PR is?
Was there just a plain Fascdot?
So he tried to sell his account over Ebay?
That guy?
And michael killed all the karma?
That's what I heard anyway.
I don't know if it's true
Is OlympicSponsor really FascDot Killed my PR?
That was my next question
How did you learn this?
Heidi Wall == FascDot Killed my PR?
That's who I'm talking about
the url would indicate that she's some sort of webmaster
Which is disappointing, considering the page.
You guys are scary.
They're always pressuring me to deliver her into their trollish grip.
I have resisted so far
I'm fairly sure everything is
lb, with that kind of ration, though, you're actually contributing
I mean ratio
But I'm too stupid to type what I mean
53 replies off of 4 direct replies means real discussion is going on!
What you want is 20 or so direct replies all telling you you're a moron
lol, okay lb.
You're a force of raw destruction, bringing slashdot to its knees!
which is a good place to have slashdot, since slashdot sucks ;
Who is the real ben schumin?
a cutie
Umm, no thanks
Is there an hour's worth of content?
I give up 
I tried
I was reading something about selling chairs and sexism
blah blah blah
I don't want to buy the chair at all, but if some nice tits are selling it, it might be good for a moment of relaxation
Vlad = Fascdot Killed My Pr, in case you didn't know
she's gross
I need someone to protect me from me 
I can't help but post to every article that is posted while I'm around
My karma is up to 11
Trolling is addictive.
It's like gambling.
You never know what story is coming up, then you do the best you can as fast as you can.
Then you just have to sit and watch what happens.
You'd have to post a lot, shoeboy
shoeboy exactly
If you get modded down 5 time, you get banned for two days
That would slow you down
I think 7 is the most I've had
What was it?
lose 30?
Was this after the cap was in place?
Then how do you lose 30 on one post?
You should've told taco.
He would've fixed it all
For a while, Signal 11 was getting modded up for everything
Does anyone know how much karma he had?
Not really, just a snooty french guy and some helpful guy
I want an essay!
I've never been past 12
12 is my tops 
anyway
Maybe it forgot to hand out more mod points
I think my post qualifies for an interesting or two
Pardon?
Excellent, except now it's worse
25 what?
How do you gain 25 karma on a post?
Still, how is that possible?
If it gets metamodded badly it doesn't count?
ah fuck, I got knocked down 
I don't suppose either of you genius karma whores has a spare point
Yeah, I know 
Perdida wouldn't help me, either
And she had mod points
Of course, they were for plastic
This little guy is just doing so well at 0!
I'm proud of it
I know.
That rule is garbage.
I say whoever refreshed the most should get some
Each day, slash should count page accesses per account.
And give the winner some points.
Only these will be special points, that can be used to vote down stories, and send taco to prison.
or hell
Seniority?
You'd love that, pb
All those anoynmous posts talking about trolls.
are those posted by trolls, or are there really anonymous troll fans?
Yes, and posts in stories
There was one post in particular that caught my eye.
let me see if I can find it
shoeboy == spiralx == Signal 11
The 's' gives it away
There's a movement?
And it has a head?
Do introduce me!
Have you read trolltalk lately, KTB?
The real trolls are abondoning trolltalk!
Why was I not told?
Am I not a real troll?
Who are these 7 active trolls?
This is the first time I've seen him
Since when is cyborg_monkey a trollbuster?
I never noticed him before.
Paul Crowly, user #837 is trying to bust me too
I think I've been posting too much 
I read the articles.
I kind of have to
Geekizoid is hilarious
Vlad is whining at the crap flooders for being so stupid, and their whining in general about being modded down for being stupid
They seem to think that Geekizoid is a haven for trolls
I'm not sure where they got that idea
More amusingly, they think they are trolls.
sorry 
I whored my karma down to 9
It's genius
You're right
I like the rest of the album though
shoeboy, you're a god
Hell, I run a PHP Nuke site off of an old Apple  that has no RAM at all!
I bet you couldn't run so fast with your pants around your ankles
I got in late
I SUCK!
Sorry.
I'm feeling a bit emotional
I think he's funny.
He tagged me too
Why do you hate this guy so much?
He seems harmless!
I suppose.
But the trollslap is only encouraging him.
Really?
I should've been more careful
Poor crapflooders.
Where will they go?
A different sort of bonus?
Yes, up to 20
Rusty reads geekizoid?
even if it's not true, we can pretend
Vlad, you could grep your logs
I don't, sorry
now kip is going to find me and root me
And I'm not even running a nix
He's just that leet
I picked up a stalker 
check his posting history
perfect!
By the way, Vlad, how many /.
account passwords have you been able to get out of Geekizoid?
Yes, but amusing.
Especially if you could snag the WIPO accounts.
I would love that
It is immoral, kip, but we're talking about WIPO
USE PHP Nuke!
oh dear.
I've been around kip too long
Hullo, spiralx
One would almost think kip owned php/nuke stock
Me too
Maybe /.
should move to php/nuke
My karma keeps draining away and I haven't posted for hours.
Somebody doesn't like me
KTB, how comes your vendetta?
I think I might have to abandon qpt already
The mods are raping me 
No, I never got the bonus
I never got close
I was impatient and started trolling from the start
Guess what!
I have mod points if anyone needs 'em.
No, geekizoid 
I've never had mod points before.
Did you make a change?
Did Communista have a full week?
oops, did I say that out loud?
Vlad, that's awful
If I were op, I'd kick you for that
KTB, can I be op for a sec?
Thanks, pb!
Tell us, what happened at the club?
thought
Seattle.
It's 120 am
Or late.
Depending on your perspective
I do too, but around 1230 I start feeling I should go to bed 
Hmm, I would upgrade, then
Hullo, kip
How are things?
Yeah, that pretty much sums it up at this end too 
kip, the temptation is terrible 
something about the name bf2k always struck me as.
Slashfucker gets under my skin
He was in here the other day, just posting a link to some stupid crapflood over and over
Yeah, but yours are funny
Then what are you?
Hullo, spiralx!
I got some karma today!
But I'll lose it all in a few hours.
Every morning, a lot of my old posts get modded down
And I'm back to 6
Then that evening, I get it up to 12, and repeat
My heavy posting has I think picked up some morons.
I should slow down
But I can't
15 minutes if you walk slow
Yeah, and you can't be chilly when you meet her.
lb is filled with vicious yet beautiful lies
She thinks your lame?
No, that someone far lamer than you!
I warned him not to, yes I did
mind your manners
colour commercialise, etc.
american culture?
Seattle
I think americans are uncultured.
And barbaric
You're right, kip, nothing at all.
Shoeboy and I are very confused by this 'UK' you keep talking about
I nicknamed someone cunt
UKians are full of broad generalizations
and too
I am so fucking wasted
And I haven't even had any drugs
That must be it
But can Heidi?
I'm sure she would
I'm too kind.
It might trouble her.
No, along the top
Just not along the bottom.
mustn't be along the bottom
Less, if you have Windows keys
No, it won't
It doesn't
kip, you limey piece of shit, it does not work
I don't like command windows, cuz I don't have a keyboard
shoeboy, you trolled Hemos!
Some day, I will troll CmdrTaco
I think it was a friendly mod
I posted it at 1, of course
1  4 = 4
Taco math
Yeah, you can
If your karma goes below 19
I mean 10
One step at a time Score4, Troll  
Why do they always start or end with I know this is probably a troll.
Saying that doesn't change the fact that they wrote an essay to refute it
There's a mess
Shoeboy.
get OlympicSponsor to leave me alone
He's creeping me out
What the hell am I supposed to do with this?
I'm slow
Moderation TotalsTroll=4, Insightful=6, Interesting=1, Funny=1, Overrated=2, Total=14.
I love qpt, but I don't think this nick has much more time on it
What list?
Who keeps track of this?
oh, okay
He's stalking me too
autowhoring?
I see.
Sounds communist 
I switch back and forth
Even hours, I'm a he
Odd hours, I'm a shee
You want to post an anonymous post?
I assume you got the right formkey?
Wait, you don't have the submit field, do you?
Where?
No, you need submit=preview or submit=post  < not the right syntax, but the general idea
Oh, okay
Hooray!
I'm shoeboy!
kip, figure out your prob yet?
Now, has posting never worked?
You've never posted at all with the script?
This works
ort=0&mode=thread&pid=
ContentType application/xwwwformurlencoded
UserAgent Mozilla/4.
0 compatible; MSIE 5.
5; Windows NT 5.
Host www.
slashdot.
ContentLength 204
Cookie anon=1x6CDmfwYEQ
sid=01%2F01%2F24%2F1455247&pid=0&mode=thread&startat=&threshold=1&commentsort=0
formkey=eQsdboNuX6&rlogin=userlogin&unickname=&upasswd=&postersubj=Geekizoid%21
postercomment=hello&op=Submit&posttype=html
There should be another line between the header and body, of course
And the referer line is obviously crapped   So it must not matter
Excellent idea, shoeboy 
It really is
That's great
At the very least, she should call shoeboy lame for something he actually did.
Hullo, homocrome!
Best of luck, Rev.
Mine is down to 5
From 12 last night
I had a post at 5 and 1, though!
Once things hit 1, though, they don't usually come back
18 moderations on it 
There's something gratifying about having the equivilant of two moderators spenind all their points modding you down.
s/spenind/spend
Do you know what would be cool?
If you could get the real Heidi Wall to make a Heidi Wall post
As a guest appearance
Probably.
He probably cried when he reads those posts.
I hope you're quite pleased with yourself.
I don't understand how kip expects this to work
So kip believes that he's found an exploit that allows him to raise the karma on an account?
There's no ip flood protection on most of the submission queues.
I think that includes account creation
So the newest 10% of accounts cannot moderate?
What would be perfect is if he could steal 300 old accounts, somehow
But I can't imagine how it would be done
Promise CowboyNeal a cookie in exchange for the user database?
So, you never have to post to get moderation accesss?
Just read?
oh no!
My geekizoid password is the same as.
nothing else 
I have negative karma on /.
and I'm not so dumb
A dictionary attack would generate a huge number of accesses, though
And they would notice
They would have to
First, do the entire database using the username as the password 
I bet you'll get at least one
I don't know.
Night, spiralx
goatsecx!
We can blame it on WIPO, if anything goes wrong
Or cyborg_monkey
There are plenty to take the fall!
Or we could just leave homocrome holding the can of spray paint 
I want #837
Yes, I did
He's pissing me off
If you're that much of an old timer, you should know better than to stalk trolls
Paul Crowley
I haven't trolled for hours.
I feel ill.
pb of what?
pb  I haven't been around when there was a new story.
pb, you've been around forever, tell me what I should do
I'm getting raped by moderators.
Do I need a new account?
Or will they get bored with me on their own?
I tried to whore, but it got slapped to 1
I can't post anonymously, cuz I like recognition   Just not quite this kind.
It's pissing me off
They go through my old posts moderating them down
I hate Paul Crowley
I think I will
Nothing to lose?
qpt is just fuckin' awesome
I was thinking qpx
Or maybe Paul Crowly
That could be my account
Tarintino?
Wait a minute
Why haven't I been banned yet?
I get moderated down constantly.
I thought 5 negative mods and you were out for a few days.
Without a positive mod?
slashfucker, that's too horrific to evoke any emotion
It just numbs
I thought the 5 was good.
it was my best attempt at kwhoring!
I wanted karma so much.
It's nasty, though, isn't it?
I have my new account!
Hmm, for fun, you cna try to troll spot me!
Shouldn't be hard
Look for the one that sucks
blah, yourself
WIPO is an wise and ancient crapflooder
I know WIPO must be someone else
He can't just be a crapflooder.
Who could find that fulfilling?
I haven't posted yet
I think WIPO is CmdrTaco!
CmdrTaco doesn't work on his own site, so he has plenty of time
momocrome, damnit
That's not me, homocrome!
I'm rather pleased with it 
They get created quickly
slashfucker, why here?
Hehe, I know
I worked hard for my reputation
You're bold.
you have 9 letters
I don't think I could do that
That was horrible!
I think it should be by chronological order, but with me on top
That's right!
I can't get banned
miniwuv is unworthy to be invited anywhere
There's a #geekizoid?
Well, I'll be jiggered
How do you feel about miniluv?
I hate him
I hate him
I hate him
I hate him, and he's gay
What does one have to do to become a #trolls op?
Hmm, then how does one get on the list?
Yes, it is
Which is why I asked
hehe, the japscat hole
Anyway, kip, in answer to your earlier question.
It started out because of confusion over the gender of 'pixie'
I didn't intend to be difficult, but then I found it amusing
Now how about a woman bashing joke?
Why isn't /.
posting any stories today?
That wasn't funny at all
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar.
The bartender looks up and says What, is this some kind of joke?
I bake my own pies
I guess I'm a fag, then
What's a new man?
I am indeed
No, I just like cooking
It's relaxing
Yes, that's me, for sure
Well, flame away, then
What do I care?
Or do you mean literally?
I don't think religion and science really have anything to do with each other
Explain?
Morality is an empirical question, to be settled by observation?
That was unkind
Your reference to scriptgenerated shit
score 1 for kip!
An easy way to remember  which will often be preceded by a comma, but that will not
It's grammar, anyway 
Who tolls the bell
Who tolls the bell for whom
Hullo, KTB!
spanglish?
kip, can the password = the username?
Might work
I have utterly nothing to say about the new article 
Hooray!
Communista is availible!
Trolls are a myth
No such thing
Everyone posts an occassional factually incorrect or inciteful post, but nobody makes a habit of it
Well, he doesn't do it on purpose
He's just a moron
My new account isn't doing so well 
That would be fun, yes
lol, okay pops, I promise not to drive careful!
oops, I mean to drive careful
I wonder how I made that mistake
Excellent
You can have shoeboy come slay me if I screw anything up
Anyway, you can trust me to speak American P
Your whoring has paid off
ktb, I have a hypothetical question
If I were, in a fit of madness, to give the account to Heidi, how would you feel?
I'm only messing with you.
old man
I can't imagine I would
Well, for the sex, actually
She's promised me all the sex I want in exchange for the account
I will be content with my Tiffany Taylor wallpaper
You have a higher scheme?
Just so you know, before I became corrupted, LAT was unbelievably annoying
It would've given me great pleasure to put my boot in LAT's face.
In other words, you do a fine job with LAT 
Exactly
He's doing this to acquire perdida
The old sig was better.
It just sounded so stupid.
And the posts.
the cheerful enthusiasm was irritating
LAT sounded smug and cheery at the same time.
it was awful
It's been a while, but the personal anecdotes were annoying, especially when it became apparent that they were contradictory
Girls who talk about their boyfriends every time they open their mouth are irritating, yes
My boyfriend says would be even worse
He's said every other ukism with Heidi.
Why not flash?
bye, lb.
qpt has one with 18 mods
18 moderations on a post
No, but I don't read slashdot
It's gratifying to make them waste 10 mods just to get the thing to stick at 1
The post hit 5, too 
redux94 writes really long posts that don't get replied to or moderated
You're hillarious, though, shoeboy.
Just haven't been in the mood?
Do the female accounts get cloned more?
I'm going to try that, at some point
Go for total infamy
Slashdotters seem to have a misogynistic streak
LAT's newest sig.
is terrible.
In a good way
I know it's a troll account, but I still want to bitch at somebody over that sig
Sometimes a get such an urge to reply to one of my biters.
It's unpleasant.
No, not with the qpt
account
qpt will never pay a modicum of attention to anyone on slashdot whatsoever
I want qpt to be utterly faceless and meaningless 
He just throws these things out and they scrabble over them, but he never pays any attention
That's cruel
Where do you get off calling me a liar?
KTB, that's incredible
I moved from nigeria to seattle when I was seven
I had to come live with my aunt after my mother died in a rebel raid
Recently, though, my aunt's farm was destroyed by imperial troops, and I've been wandering the galaxy with a band of cheery ne'er do wells
Exactly!
You're familiar with them?
I'm going shopping.
Goodbye, all!
Hello, all
I don't know.
What's a shnipp shnapp?
I don't know
No sir
Well, it doesn't seem right to be rude.
When one is in someone else's house, one generally tries to be polite.
Well, that was disappointing
Hullo, pb
KTB lent the account to me
It looks like Heidi.
but it gets more bites when it looks like a British male pseudointellectual.
I have mixed feelings
No, I still have qpt
What's QNX?
Why did you need Win 95 installed to install it?
btw, you're a nerd 
let's not fight
Hooray!
Do you have it publically accessible yet?
shoeboy has spoken
Hi, em
oh dear.
em, look what you've done
When shoeboy cries, it's so hard to calm him down
trolls is a family channel
Honest?
aww, will you fuck any pussy at this point?
What happened?
Oh, I'm sorry
Oh, I'm always pining for some girl or other.
I never do anything about it, though.
It's just my personality.
It's not looks that cause you to really obsess about a girl, though 
I don't think it's just looks for anyone.
Mannerism and personality affect sexiness a lot
I don't suppose there's much chance of you getting back into atom films, though ;
It's gone?
Was Delores laid off?
I hear that there are gays there
I suppose you could go chasing after her and have a series of madcap adventures, a la a romatic comedy
She is a lesbian?
I've never fallen for a lesbian, as far as I know.
But you made her a lesbian!
I doubt it.
I was only kidding.
Speaking of girls, though.
on Monday, I'm going to get rejected!
I'm tired of just pining, and I'm going to ask her out
Just this girl.
I don't think you know her.
Why's that?
Exactly.
Women, being the geniuses that they are, will choose the guy who will beat them instead
Well, these wife beaters do have wives
Why would they consider that?
Guys like that get laid constantly.
You're doing something else wrong.
Then your online persona reflects you perfectly!
Why not?
Why would you want to do that?
I know, that's what makes it fun
I wouldn't hit a woman out of anger.
I wouldn't hit her to damage her, either.
it's hard to explain
Are you familiar with the browning poem Porphyria's Lover?
Oh, it reflects very well how I feel towards girls I'm attracted to
So does My Last Duchess, but not as well
I think everything is sexual, ultimately 
I don't know if that's right.
Maybe the only reason humans exist is reproduction 
That seems unlikely.
There probably isn't an infinite chain of shoeboy's ancestors receding back through time
It seems that one of shoeboy's ancestors would have had to come about through means other than reproduction
In which case, your existence cannot be fully accounted for in terms of reproduction
True enough
No, that's not the case.
Even if sex is required for your existence, that doesn't mean that your primary drive is sex
It might be the case that it is, but it doesn't follow
When you were awake, I'm sure you wouldn't confuse purpose with requirement.
None of this constitutes a purpose, or design.
It seems more consistent for you to claim you have no purpose.
hullo, em
Because, no naked pictures of heidi have been released to the general public
I'd like to give you one, but the high council says no
Don't be angry, shoeboy.
They're not that great.
I gave it a 5
Trolltalk is a hellhole
So yes
The channel is dead, and I might be in big trouble 
It seriously wasn't my fault 
Was he bitching about it?
The posts weren't even very trollish.
It's clear abuse.
I'll email taco posthaste
Why's that?
lol, is all that for real?
I should email and ask
There down all the time, though
Why not?
Why not?
I was just going to send one email asking if he was OlympicSponsor, that's all!
You already did, by posting to geekizoid
But that warned him
lol, you're a slippery one.
Have you ever taken responsibility for anything?
I felt slightly ill when I looked at Heidi Wall's user info page
But still
Do you think it was an editor?
I meant join
Nobody there, no
I think it must
Either that, or it was an editor
And she sounded so much like a cute teenage girl!
How could they do that?
Hullo, ttm!
ttm, KTB lent me one of his accounts and I crashed it!
It's fun to panic, though
We cheat?
I got mentioned.
sort of
Hullo, KTB!
You really should look 
mode #trolls b !
What are you going to do to him?
ttm is having troubles
He could be a serious troll
Don't tell anyone the password, and we'll see if we can turn him into a real troll
Sure, I want him
We'll fight for him, GoatsecxGirl
Yes, I did.
I took your account for a spin and crashed it 
What is Heidi Wall at now, KTB?
It's a secret
You'd best watch yourself, if you don't want a boot joining your melon
Fine, knock yourself out
It's a present!
What bot?
What does Heidi do?
And I can do other things as well
and tb2?
How many trollbots do we need in here?
Is that.
the real ann marie?
That elitest bastard
Has he ever been here?
I just whoised ttm, and can tell that he's in trolls
and #natalie, whatever the heck that is
No, you'll say something nasty behind my back
You're quite right
I'm still curious what #natalie is
Oh, I see
Yes, the bots don't work so well
lol, there it is again
k0w, fucking shut up
This is why I need to be an op, so I can kick k0w!
Well, somebody is just having fun
I bet it's the wrong k0w
Bastards
I'd ban _Delirium too
It was okay.
It would've been better if k0w wasn't fucking up constantly on its own
Who are you, anyway?
k0w is a bot
You're annoying me.
Who are you?
If I say yes.
Then tell me
I don't know enough about it.
I know they do work, and I know what I've been told about their workings.
I don't have the means or ability to verify this independently
Is that so?
How can I help?
Yes, it would
Can you make it every 1 minute, though?
Sorry.
but do you every troll?
Do you ever troll.
Then you can't understand how important it is to get your post into the first 20
Well, k0w, can you tell me something else, then?
Who is _Delirium?
You don't seem like a troll, though
Oh, I see
You're troll curious
You'll have your troll account soon
It's your low id, I bet
I've never gotten an account above 12
There's a #trolls regular who was at 384, until today
Make a post with your account, to prove yourself 
I'm years behind both of you
I'm suspicious of _Delirium, though
I think he's part of Paul Crowley's gang
You are!
As if you don't know, he's a trollbuster
Yes, but there is attention and Attention
attention is just a reply; Attention is a essaylength debunking of your post
That and notoriety
Life, the universe, and everything
Yeah, but we have a trollbuster here
Oh come on, _Delirium, it's fairly obvious
Me neither!
Nobody knows that the qpt account is a troll.
Well, that was hard, I'm sure
Nor will I
hi, KTB
Are your parens unmatched?
Mozilla is the superior browser, since it has the advantage of the open source community working to improve it.
You guessed shoeboy's password!
But no, that's not how to log in
users.
unickname=KTB&upasswd=KTBspass&op=userlogin
KTB is going to get himself arrested
Yes, I have
Michael scares me
I have decided to write an article for k5!
I haven't decided yet
The real purpose is to communicate my great love for Jin_Wicked, but I need to find a topic to wrap that in to get it posted.
I don't see the connection to Jin_Wicked
And what in bloody hell does that have to do with Jin_Wicked?
I'm not trying to impress Jin_Wicked, I'm trying to let the k5 community know how much I love her
Clarify your question.
Serious about loving her, or serious about posting a story to that effect?
Yes, quite serious
What is that?
That's an excellent idea!
Do people read diaries, though?
That's perfect, then.
Can an article such as you described make the front page?
I'll start on it tomorrow.
Yes, this will be wonderful.
Have you ever spoken with heidi, shoeboy?
I spelled like taco when I had her
And I got her slapped!
I felt terrible, 'til ttm told me he had gotten accounts hit too
How do you know it was Michael?
What can they do though?
How can you possibly eliminate people posting inflamatory but insightful looking posts?
I know
They could get rid of replying to other comments
That would destroy the whole point of trolling
Michael would readily destroy slashdot to get back at his 'enemies'.
Taco wouldn't though 
I didn't get an email when I changed the password on Ryan Koppenhaver
yes, but I didn't tell it to you
It says the file name for the xml page in ultramode.
txt, you goof
shoeboy, how long will an article sit on that list before it hits the front page?
on comments.
poofter
UKIAN=FAGOT
buh bye for now
zikzak, what are you trying to do?
You mean like through a script?
zikzak
The formkey will be in the cooking it gives back
cookie, that is
Then when you post your reply, you have to use the formkey that you grabbed from the cookie
What does it do, KTB?
I have a script that posts to slashdot that I could send you if you like.
hehe, what are you using?
Well, no wonder you can't get the job done 
What does the form key that you're sending look like?
I thought it was just randomly generated, then looked up when you tried to post
Are you replying with the cooking that it sent you?
cookie
No, in your script.
When you send the POST, do you include in the header the cookie you got from the GET
I don't know.
I send it back in the script I wrote, though.
Yeah, we know, rev 
What did you do, KTB?
Using a dictionary?
How many have you gotten?
Haha, cool.
shoebody, that's why I didn't write it
Hullo, perdida!
KTB is going to jail!
If they notice, though.
woooeeee.
Taco would love to throw a troll in jail
If it's Paul Crowley, I say take his account anyway.
The bastard
And an asshole
Not really a crack anymore, is it?
And he's a real person who has to live like that.
Doesn't deal with spaces well?
You need to read the owl book P
Axel is going to be pissed.
Is that the same Axel of loev, teh axel fame?
I couldn't get my karma above 15 to save my life
Shoeboy, the love of your life is getting ripped on
You should defend her, I think
Axel Boldt
plastic will throw you in jail, though
Circumventing access restrictions, or something
Shoeboy doesn't think so
You know what I bet Michael would do if he found out?
Steal every known troll account
Does it not seem like him?
lol, no, that's not obviously a shoeboy post
Hooray for KTB!
He did it!
Why's that?
And why is it fortunate?
Oh no!
My slashdot password is the same as my geekizoid password!
And it's my social security number too!
Figures
I hate doing homework, goddamnit
pb, is Jin_Wicked there!
oh crap
Who was?
Throw KTB in jail and beat him
Yeah, I hate it when that happens.
Oh wait.
My lover has never called me.
rev neither calls me
flames people.
really arrogant.
95620!
Sorry for confusing that.
Promise it won't happen again 
Well, they don't know that they're my lovers, true
Output to a file
plz don't steal mine KTB!
KTB, is it written in pearl?
I've been temporarily banned!
I really have no idea
How many times do you have to be modded down?
In how long?
Maybe.
but qpt hasn't even posted in a while
Why would they do that?
None of my accounts have been touched.
How bizarre
I have a thought.
If someone on my proxy gets modded down too much, will it affect me too?
Well, that just sucks then.
Thank goodness for safeweb
I'd be happy with freakin' 200k account
I'm goin' bye
Hullo, pb!
KTB, what are you running now?
And an even better metatroll, as the flurry of activity has demonstrated
Everyone who has participated should look in the mirror, and tell themselves IHBT
He provided great criticism!
Or hardly thinks?
Really?
rejection is relative
Vlad can assfuck himself with them
How can mv and lb alone be the collective?
That would be more like just being lovers or something
I confused your meaning, TheReverand.
Please forgive me.
Like anyone takes the 300k accounts seriously
I have a 200k account.
two more weeks of metamod, and it will be in the black
Thankyou, mv.
You do also
You are walking down the sidewalk, when a man approaches you asking you to take part in a study  < I love that one!
When I have ops, everything is really quiet and orderly
When I don't, we get /fucker and this joke in here
Hullo, homocrome!
You have the posturing and massive ego.
if you would just only troll, you dipshit, you'd fit in fine
No, _Delirium
He's lurking, reporting our secret plans
That would be really cool, actually.
I have an idea
Ditch Heidi Will.
instead of copying other people's crap, you're going to start the next big thing
It'll be bigger than Heidi and LAT put together
What do you think KTB did?
He decided to be the next big thing
pb for what?
I have my next big thing, but I have no energy to do it until the quarter is over
America seems nice enough to me.
I dunno.
Do you have particular criticisms to level against our consitution?
Or just general claims of crappiness?
That's just one amendment
Part of one amendment
You don't believe human rights should have legal grounding?
We don't have very many centuries.
just a little over two
That can't be changed
You're right, kip, and as a child we need strict written rules.
No kidding
Why, though?
KTB a culture can't take over a country externally, it has to be embraced by the people living there.
So why don't the French just stop importing American things?
No, it's not illegal if all French people decide that they don't want anything American and stop buing it
Maybe it's because I live so far away, but I have no particular dislike for the French
I'm just a little confused by them
We're distant from everyone.
It's one of the effects of having a huge country.
Great allies, too.
They spent all last century surrendering at every chance.
Since you ask, no.
You can leave on your own, or we can make you leave, but you are leaving.
No, I mean all nonamericans
You're right, nonwhites a real pain
They commit so many crimes!
It's amazing.
Do they wake up each morning resolving to commit as many crimes that day as they can?
That's the only way they could get so many done.
How true.
Rap is the soundtrack to crime.
It's a shortened version of RAPe white women
You're quite correct.
The videos show young nonwhites all the supposed rewards of a life of crime
I just took all the keys off my keyboard and cleaned them!
It's so nice!
I put them back on, by the way
woohoo!
quantum_pixie will be up to zero karma in just one more week!
metamod is so slow
When in Rome.
My new account is actually starting to be successful.
I'm quite surprised, considering that all the posts are stupid 1 or 2 liners
Yeah, nobody had noticed that before
Slashdot requires you to wait 1 minute between each submission of /comments.
pl in order to allow everyone to have a fair chance to post.
It's been 1 minute since your last submission!
I love that
It's slow for me, yes
Czech is KTB?
pb I suppose.
I just wish perdida could make sense once in a while.
I shouldn't be so hard on her, though, seeing as she's a foreigner
I don't know.
How sad is it?
pb you were wrong!
OS says he's not Ryan.
pb you're the one who decided that OS was someone named Ryan Koppenhaver, goof
What post?
pb don't make me look it up 
Hullo, perdida!
HULLO!
plz insert diks thx
I'll insert my disk into you, pb.
Watch yourself.
And heathen
Do NOT try the unpiz command.
Just trust me.
sk me pb thx
taht would be stoopid!
I was almost done, too
cp is so strict
I'm going now.
Ya'll have to find someone else to pick on!
I gave it a 10
You'll provide 'bating material for a week
No physicist could resist you.
It would be impossible.
I don't know what to laugh at more, KTB.
The fact that you tried to impersonate a teenage girl online, or the fact that you utterly failed.
Are there no teenage girls in Scotland?
What makes you think I am a mongrel?
It's always the palestinians.
even when it ain't, it still is.
Hey ya'll, check out dis troll!
The point was to showcase my newfound disregard for grammar.
You should have concentrated on the form, not the content.
I want geekizoid to be up!
I wish to rid myself of Ryan Koppenhaver.
It's an anus!
HOORAY!
Aren't Scotland and Ireland just different names for the same place?
Oh, duh.
Scotland is part of Ireland.
Like a county.
A know a halfpalestinian girl.
She's weird.
Everyone is weird and scary, 'cept me.
I like me
hullo, cp
Planning on killing someone in Illinois?
I lived in Illinois for fortythree years, but finally I got tired of it and moved.
that was back in '73
In what situation?
What if it's a nonviolent felony?
you and a partner were embezzling, someone stumbled upon him, and he committed murder to cover it up?
mv, 1928.
I was born in Ohio
I'm still having trouble believing that Geekizoid ran an article on the spice girls
Well, it somehow seems like sinking even lower than they already were 
nah, non Scottish people do it all the time
bye, everyone who's leaving
Hullo, KTB
I hate what passes for goth these days
I'm quite gothic, but I would never dress in all black or wear makeup.
that's just silly
Hey, that's mean
I like girls
Well, I am Ryan Koppenhaver, of all practical purposes
I'm not Ryan in real life, but I'm the most authentic Ryan impersonator
I have the correctly spelled account!
Thanks to ttm
I'm sorry
Maybe a little
True, but I can still spare some idle regret
Then my arrogance goes unpunished?
You are arrogant about your arrogance?
There does not seem to be a straightforward way to test your claim.
I doubt this, but arguing with a drunk was never profitable.
Are you very stubborn when sober?
I don't think I've seen you around before, but you are apparently wellknown.
Have you been away?
Have you been working?
Did you get married?
Thrown in prision?
use the saw on your dick, then it will reach
That's impossible.
The folk at k5 are way too smart to fall for a troll.
Of course I am.
I was laughing so hard with UK vs.
US that I could hardly type
Global warming is why I'm so damn hot.
That's right
You can't touch this, rev!
Eel rolls are not lame.
No sir.
This is exactly why I'm more sexy than you.
No, homochrome, I like silence.
I spelled it correctly, kip!
Well, I don't think anyone was expecting that
It felt good!
rev, I read you latest diary.
and 5 doesn't go to SF.
True, but 5 doesn't actually go to SF.
That's all I'm saying 
Probably
Thanks, homochrome!
homochrome, sure, but punching a punching bag still feels good.
even if that's what it's for
Or Hemos?
I should make a cyborg monkey impersonation account
vovocrove what's wrong with him?
I never do
Yeah, KTB!
LET'S GO!
rusty, don't make me kick your ass
I have mod points on GZ again!
Another 5 karma for cyborg_monkey
I always spend all my mod points modding him down.
Just a sec
Well, geekizoid has rolled over dead
awsome!
He needed it, too
that should be awesome but I'm a moron
Yeah, pretty much, rusty!
Hey, I'm fond of Geekizoid!
rusty You should submit that as a story to geekizoid
I didn't see it
I would give rev's diaries 10 stars out of 4.
rev That's cuz you're stupid.
uh oh 
There's a #k4!
Why was I not told
mv people suck that way
rev You'll get sticky if you do that
Can someone op rev so I can be the only nonop in the room?
hehe, that's just cool looking
I'm a troll lackey!
Now I'm back to being the lackey
I wish I could voive at all
You're so cool, KTB
Can I be your apprentice?
Yes, but you have mad tr0lling skillz
I'm just trying to stay above vovocrove 
What's up?
momocrome that sucks
You bitch.
You cheated for it, though.
I noticed that.
And I had tons of karma!
And was a wellrespected member of the geekizoid community!
It's all gone
What for?
But then I'd never be able to mod cyborg_monkey down to nothing!
Everyone is a geekizoid editor, except for me
I'm convinced of this
Being 1337 won't help me bitchslap cyborg_monkey
pb that's great
pb we might as well just stop trying to be different people
Oh, poor Jelerial
yay, it's back!
KTB You around?
KTB Mod me up, you megawhore
A little secret for you, shoeboy named a portion of his anatomy William Shatner
Yes, it's back!
Imagine that.
MySql becoming corrupted.
I'm a moderator with 5 points!
How is this supposed to work with no trollbots?
It's Ryan!
aaiiieeeee!
shoeboy that's hillarious
rev, help him 
Nor am I
This is, how shall I say, a spoof
This channel is a spoof, yes
I have the utmost respect for osm, and his ability to ask reasoned, thought out questions
Yes, rev?
hehe, I got banned from #slashdot!
That I had 638 days of uptime on my win2k box
Then somebody pointed out that it hadn't been out that long
And I said that I hardly thought that to be relevent, and they should stop with their Linux FUD
He's hiding
If he's really quiet, nobody will notice him
HOORAY!
You spelt it, rev!
And to think, I actually have a 200k account!
My 200k account was so badly thrashed, though, and I'm slowly metamodding it out of hell
And you get karma for it!
It's fun.
You just click agree 10 times, and you get one karma.
It's very pavlovian
pb I once did that 
Equipped an orcish pick of digging without identifying it first
If people keep running user generating scripts, all the usernames will be used up
Maybe somebody wanted nonmalleable as their username!
Now they can't have it, but nobody is going to be using it.
it doesn't seem fair
I should register qpaz
9 again!
I love getting #9.
not #8, or #10, but beautiful #9!
hullo pb!
All my karma will go away if I don't start behaving
I don't know.
They've been using a dictionary
the 400k's will be out soon
Taco is an idiot, but he needs to notice this.
I know.
It's stupid!
I don't like k5, though
But it's not!
The topics deserve intelligent discussion, but the posters are even dumber than WIPO.
just longer winded, too
They obviously haven't given their opinions the least bit of thought, or if they have, they lack the mental ability to form an intelligent opinion
k5 is depressing
but /.
is depressing and exhilarating at the same time
It's like a dangerous slum
k5 is like suburbia
Plus, trolling slashdot is fun.
I get fun emails 
I have no desire to troll k5, and I don't have the energy to enlighten them 
And watch it disappear within minutes.
I don't have any problem with k5.
it's the posters and their opinionated but uninformed views
Sometimes I feel like everyone on k5 is a troll, and I'm the target 
I almost never post, because I can't believe that the people are serious.
damn moderators are getting pissed at am
and my other account is almost ready.
two more days
am == me
I meant to type me but typed am instead
hullo kip
I'm an karma antiwhore
Hello.
You never talk, and your name isn't familiar.
Are you a spy?
Oh, whatever.
People wander in off the street all the time, and it's my godordained duty to harrass them.
I've trolled you!
oh okay, if you say so
haha, awesome
Oddly enough, I find only porn, regardless of where I search.
I only want porn
Exactly
Bad, then?
Well, the problem is.
nah, you wouldn't care
You said slippery slope
I'm going to kill you now
KTB, my /.
karma is at 3
I'm not a cheating bitch, though
Of course I do
I lost my focus on the last story and got in late.
Not that it matters
I'm having such a shit streak
well, dammit
I give up!
Good thing I didn't say what I was about to
Vladin8tr Yes I did, thank you
did one of you mod me up?
My post crawled out of hell and got a bite!
I don't give up!
I hate the idea of cyborg_monkey getting 1000 karma
How about this, give everyone a week to post a troll of a certain caliber to /.
If they succeed, they get 1000 karma
Hooray for peer!
You know, it would generate more discussion if you gave cyborg_monkey 1000
No point in doing me.
I wouldn't complain publicly
You would
I don't know anything about programming.
I couldn't do it.
KTB, why did my post go down so fast?
Do we get point 1?
If you rename my account, I'll fucking kill you, you fat gay windowsuser
No kidding!
I use it whenever I can
Of course
God damn it!
Leave my crap alone!
You're tough over the wire, bitch!
Step inside and open that ugly mouth of yours, you fat fuck!
Hey, I use rwerwewr.
It's one of my metamod accounts
Except he's a big dork
If I ever meet you, I will knock a hole in your head with a pick, and rape your brains!
Quit fucking with me!
Vlad would hijack his ass, if he looked away for a second.
What the fuck was that for?
What's the point of anything if you can't flame Vlad and Homochrome?
Hi, KTB
hehe, real porgramming langs like html
dro0g is a troll
And you believed him?
KTB, I'm in such a slump.
What do I do?
Nothing I post attracts more than 2 quick down mods
In one more day, my 1337 200k account will be ready, then we'll see if that changes things
I did troll GZ, on accident
No, it was that silly thing about my account
I will try
You want to mod geekizoid itself, jelerial?
I just asked, and she said no
KTB, listen up, you mealymouthed, kiltwearing, sheepfucking, halfassed excuse for an Irish lass.
shut the fuck up!
He does it on purpose.
You need some down moderations
Everything that I post goes to 1!
Yes, KTB, you suck.
That's been established.
KTB, people who talk about the legacy of the future, even while trolling, need to be hurt
I had a post go from 5 to 1
It actually went from 1 to 5 to 1
Yes, I'm looking forward to that
What if we do turn out to be the same person?
Hullo, rusty
ater that's absurd
Trolling on a river
One trolls in a lake, or the ocean, but never a river
ater take a /.
article, and reply to every post, including your own
It will occupy you!
Yes, that would work too.
Post some crap
And watch it hit the front page
I can't believe what gets posted when streetlawyer's genius work gets scrapped.
Geekizoid
On geekizoid, the group can't think
You need DSL, I think
KTB Try IE.
It's really really good.
I wouldn't invite him to do that
He searches.
how shall we say, deep
No kidding
Get a real operating system
You have pr0n, alter?
He should mix it up.
Cum on her tits first, then fuck her ass.
He should cum very first thing, before he even gets his pants off!
ater, obviously you don't have a scottish penis.
jelerial do you believe everything you hear?
He was just being modest.
Scottish penises are unbeatable.
Well, in the one sense.
I mean, you can beat one, in another sense.
I don't try to masturbate
I have so many hot girls begging to suck me off, I don't see the point in masturbation.
You're the man, gnarphlager
jelerial Something with pain and humiliation directed at women.
No ugly girls, either
gnarphlager, thanks.
When I want fucking kiddie porn, I'll look you up
Who would want to fuck a 15 year old, though?
Sickos
Listen up, you little piece of shit.
I'll shove a 15 year old girl up your goddamn ass if you don't show some fucking respect.
ater, stand in front of a mirror and jack off if you want full motion perversion
fucking lazy kids these days
Do you read english?
I'm assuming yes.
Damn kids need a taste of big hairy man assfucking and maybe they wouldn't be so deprecating of gayness
I don't think she will
I doubt it
But maybe
You couldn't slam your meat stick through a wet kleenex, fool
If you say so
You could be right, and it's still better than anything you're going to get 
ater only wanks to movies.
he's very picky
ater, seriously?
that's pathetic!
You only need assmilk.
That's enough.
ater, girls can tell if you've thought about them and wanked.
they have a sixth sense, you know
every girl you know?
Eating is healthy, so is sleeping, as is masturbation.
but you can fucking take 'em all too far.
Well, you should eat, but you should sit around on your fat ass stuffing your face with crap all day.
Wanking is the same way.
when you do it 4 times a day and have a schedule, you need to pursue outside interests
pb, want me to request something?
Don't shout
I'll just say you're a crackpot.
and I won't be lying
I forgot about that
I have to say, the lack of a troll bot is really hurting me.
Doesn't anyone have a dedicated line?
I'm practicing being abusive
I talked to rev, and he said he wasn't the ideal role model, but that instead I should follow the work of streetlawyer.
KTB, wow, she's hitting on you, you scottish stud!
Hullo, rev
Why not?
It's really rather painfully obvious.
We'll see
I was wondering
Don't say anything too sensitive!
We can't have all the nontrolls find out
I just know there's going to be a new sid, and I'm going to find out after WIPO does
You haven't
Nobody knows that qpt is a troll
How'd you find this place!
I'm surprised she stayed around
KTB, have you noticed TrollFeeder on /.
Well, he's very funny
KTB, quit whoring
I need it more!
You shut up, bitch
gee thanks
account is at 4!
I'm in dire need
I don't really need any
I just like bitching 
thankyou, frenetik!
goddamn
I'm seriously the only person on earth who isn't a gz editor
shoeboy I talked with my love earlier!
no, qpt is not my love, fool
Jin_Wicked 
yes, KTB cybered with her
I can't believe you'd cyber with my love, you scottish bastard
I didn't call her a tart.
I'm American, fool
Who said this?
In an email?
KTB, you have a moral imperetive to view the ads.
Don't do it
it's f11 in ie
Nothing is better than ie
Oh okay
u r a dum boy u skottish freek!
i liek kliking the mowse
A true troll never responds!
It's fully my own.
As far as I know
If I give you an idea, it means that I no longer have it!
Well, drat
I admit, though, that you have influenced me.
It's the detatched stance, I think, that I find appealing
Is cp original, then?
I also like being absolutely sure that I'm never trolled.
At least on /.
I got a really long one the other day.
I haven't read it yet
And now I can't, because nightmail is perpetually down.
oooh, a stalker
Not so.
I don't have even 1
What's wrong with pizzafaced youths?
That's because you're not funny, kip2.
Sorry.
I thought British humour was subtle
That makes your machine go faster
I have a friend who has a webcam in her bedroom.
Any day now, she'll find it
I keep getting in late because there's no trollbot.
Can I get a copy of the source?
thanks, cool
One that works would be ideal.
can you email it to me?
thanks
it's quantum_pixie@nightmail.
com and I don't care who knows it 
thanks!
I'm going now, so bye
Visual Basic doesn't suck
I like Visual Basic!
Python is just a silly scripting language
momocrome doesn't know who's running the script?
I think so, but I'm fairly sure it's a secret.
Sorry.
Destructive?
They aren't destroying anything.
You is?
I'm always here.
just usually not paying much attention
You got an answer in 15 minutes, though.
Consider yourself lucky.
Well, you'll feel better if you don't stay empty handed, if you know what I mean
You have to be modded up up up!
For a long time
Start with me, k?
Blow me, you bitches
Yeah, but pb likes to call it autofellatio instead of blowing myself
John blewified Mary
I don't get it
pb, sorry 
kip, you're a bitch
You opped a fucking bot
But not me.
Indicating that I am worth less than a bot.
I hate all of you, each more than the rest.
yes, they're ever so dumb
I can't imagine your refined UKian sense could detect anything that was less than a flaming log up your arse.
I'm sure that must be it
You two generally make me laugh, but then I realize that there are people who actually think what you say.
And that's frightening.
I have some friends who are going to Europe next week.
I hope they're okay.
Australia?
I wrote my first k5 diary today
quantum pixie
I got a laugh out of it
That's why I use it!
That is what I said
Don't be so paranoid
I agree
He isn't usually like that?
Windows 2000 rules
Hello, ttm.
OriginalGTT, what?
I'm fairly sure I don't.
Why don't you fill me in?
Hullo, OriginalGTT!
I dunno, but I can tell you how to spell do 
Is that the real klerck now?
For real?
It's not KTB anymore.
What the hell are you talking about?
Cripes, dude.
Calm down.
I think he's a communist.
And a drunk one, at the moment.
Hush, you lush.
I'll tell you what political ideology you subscribe to.
I vote Labour.
I'm not poor, either.
So, take that, you silly UKians.
I am rich and I vote Labour.
Goes to show how much you know about your own politics!
Go on, bitch, ops klerck.
And klerck, you whore.
I wouldn't come in here except for the troll bot, you dirty winos.
I do hate you all, but I never got the troll bot script 
nightmail is down
Vladin8tr, how about hosting Geekizoid someplace civilized?
Killing is a liberal myth.
I won't talk to Germans!
They're lushes.
I think they should be.
kip, if it would make you feel better, I'll act all worked up if you start ripping on USia
Some asshole gave a bunch of my k5 comments 1's
I prefer attractive women to goatsex, actually
I hope you realize that a translating program won't fool a native speaker
I may have seen James, but I don't know who James is.
kip, fucking shut up before I render you incapable of typing
I don't seem to be winning any friends with my aggression
And who asked you.
Damn Scottish.
Always piping up with unwanted advice.
Gee, Vladin8tr, that was really weak.
Want to try again?
KTB, if anyone cared, somebody would've asked.
damn, /.
is slow
Added Vladin8tr!
to ignore list
KTB, can you send the troll bot script to quantum_pixie@hotmail.
Please?
Thanks
Hotmail should be up.
thanks
What a stupid bitch.
I hate that motherfucker
He's fucking moron!
Yeah, because he's a braindamaged child
If that's what you consider decent, go on, suck his cock.
I don't give a fuck
You're almost as bad.
Warned about what?
KTB, like a really care now.
I can adapt the trollbot to suite me, so I don't need you halfwits anymore.
KTB, it seems fair to me.
I got a few lines of perl, and you got hours of abusing me.
I'm not being rude
KTB, don't make me go digging through the logs.
I'm shocked.
None of this is true.
I don't know how to answer such baldface lies
I'm not a revisionist.
I just wish for the truth to be told.
Let's start with the simple things.
When have I ever begged to be opped?
How convenient.
I'm sure these msg's weren't logged, either, were they?
Oh, then do produce them
It's you're, you undereducated rodent.
Not to mention the fact that they don't exist.
Then ban me, you dumb bitch
No, not all trolls are geeks.
Hello, KTB
Some trolls, like KTB, are just nerds, not geeks.
I don't think I was
Maybe nerd means something different on your side of the pond.
Or anything else, KTB
One might've thought that getting a lover would've calmed him down at least a little
I got an email from earthlink regarding a rant about earthlink's stupid tech support
There was an article about something to do with earthlink on /.
and I posted complaining among other things about their bad tech support.
I got an email from somebody at earthlink apologizing and stuff.
It cracked me up
two different people had the nerve to mod me down when I signed my post saying I was a rabbi.
Slashdotters have no respect.
I'm not doing that well, so I'm trying lots of different things.
Rambling family anecdotes seem to get modded way up.
Claiming to be a Rabbi gets modded down
Slashdot is really interesting that way
Really?
DD is average in my parts.
It's kind of annoying.
rev, yes, I'm surrounded by fat chicks
Just as long as he's not another one of those damn fat chicks
I can't even walk to the kitchen without having to step over the body of some dead fat chick.
What the hell is this world coming to?
I'm am member, but I sure the fuck didn't pay
KTB flakes out daily
I don't think I've ever seen so much paranoia in my life.
lb, any month now, we're going to develop dilithium computers like in star trek, and it just isn't going to matter, you know?
I give every streetlawyer article 1 fp
An accident?
I'm never going to get my own identity 
KTB, did the proof that I was you ever get posted?
I'm always being accused of being someone else's other account
It's getting old
rev would get killed very quickly
It would not be a pretty sight
rev eats his victims raw, and I think it's barbaric
I find I can't evaluate a pair of breasts when I can't see the face that's supposed to go along with them
I don't either
They look inflated
After about 5 or 6 ratings, rateorboobs starts to get really weird
I'm giving all the boobs 1's or 2's
I wouldn't even bother with rank my dick.
I don't have any preference about dicks.
well, that goes without saying, kip
All the boobs make me feel a little ill
I'm going to have to second kip.
I use IE, because I like a quality worryfree browsing experience!
You're mad.
I can't take any more boobs.
They just don't look right.
em, those are okay
cp qpt/qpt
oh dear.
how did that happen?
kip, boob rating must be your own personal journey.
Nobody can do it for you.
I want to be able to rate Goatsecxgirl's boobs.
I'd give them a 0
Except I'm not a trusted user 
kip, yes
Or somewhere around there.
I can't attest that she is indeed exactly 256 lbs
kip, on the same woman?
mv what?
I wonder what my head would be, were it a boob, which it is not.
KTB, I found the log for that coversation, and you were a true hero.
I would've told her to fuck off after about two minutes.
Those fat women whose breasts cover their massive guts do need bras.
So yeah, H exists.
em, I'll eat it!
Thankyou!
Why couldn't she take the train?
Get DSL!
It should be voted up.
Everything he writes is gold.
Or at least copper.
wee, I got GZ mod points again
I wasted all 5 of them marking vlad as Moronic.
A futile effort, but true.
No, I only get 5
Vlad would stick it to me like that.
Yet another reason for me to mark him a moron.
I wasn't sure, but I was hoping
Yes, I'd be really sad if I was bitchslapped on GZ
Actually, I think being bitchslapped might be fun.
I'd bitch about it so much.
Which is more than can be said of me, lately.
hullo rusty
He should be
He's an ass
And not in a funny way like jsm
I'd think you guys would get tired of kicking me 
I think I'll go find some meat to eat
No, of course he wasn't kicked from the list.
There isn't that much justice in the world
You managed to spell quiet correctly that time.
Good job!
You don't have to be that much of a prick, you know.
haha, I'll play with you more when you have the balls to actually face me
KTB, I'm well aware of that
rev, obviously I don't hate any of you.
Don't be stupid.
Stop being stupid and I will!
Except for one minor detail.
you don't have strong hands.
Or strong anything else, except maybe odor.
Oh, big man.
You'd be a helpless pansy if you couldn't kick.
Are you asking for sex?
I thought you had a lover
You forgot the underscores.
How sure?
It was selfish of you, though, to ban me after you had finished masturbating and not let me finish.
I was a little angry about that.
Which is more than can be said of you
You're giving yourself way too much credit.
I make fun of you because you respond in an amusing manner.
You're obviously too worked up about this to talk rationally.
It would be best to drop it.
If you want something calming, try biting through a slightly higher voltage cable
I try to help
I know, and that tears me up inside.
hehe, I just noticed the topic
hehe, it's not you, homo.
Sorry.
I make you feel bad?
buh by, momochrome!
Unproductive!
goddamnit.
I want british tv
American tv doesn't do it for me.
I like goofy perversion, not violence.
American tv is all violence.
You can show people getting killed, but you can't show breasts.
I don't really see the place for plastic, either.
I read /.
GZ and k5, and they all fill a different niche
I think gz would be much improved by changing to scoop.
I like diaries 
I've been surprised by the response to my idiotic diaries.
I didn't know anyone read them
I shall make my diary womenfriendly!
What do women like?
KTB, I think you're lying to me
KTB, I wouldn't post intentionally inflammatory material.
That would be trolling!
It's at 1 with 328 votes.
That's amazing.
Jin_Wicked posted in streetlawyer's article, flaming k5er's social skills
KTB, you were around when we had the little misunderstanding, right?
Poor girl.
I can't imagine what she thought she walked into.
KTB, I think I'm going to bite
I'm going to
haha, no.
KTB, it's up
Will it avoid gettin 0'd?
I'm new to this.
What does get 0'd?
Oh okay, cool!
Thanks for the 5.
The stories have really ben sucking
Who's BigStink?
It's quiet time.
I gave you a 5 for that, KTB.
Nothing as fun as an obvious circle jerk
I doubt she will, but she replied to another thread, so I know she read mine 
streetlawyer's article is slipping into the red 
Will scoop accept multiple votes from the same IP?
Besides the fact that we love rusty, is there any reason not to make 100 accounts have a script vote for them?
If KTB says scripts are lame, I'm going to smack him
Do explain
I would only ever do it once.
That would be enough.
But can you imagine the uproar?
What was done?
I thought that was something different
It's K5's defining feature
K5 is adorably precious, I think
But /.
is better than k5
Does the average k5er know how trollfriendly some of the editors are?
I find that amusing, any time someone posts about trolls
Haven't you upgraded yet?
Slashdot is pissing me off
These stupid short tech articles are hard to troll
WTF am I supposed to say about somebody's new carrying case?
I had a post the was supposed to be a kwhore get 11 replies and not a single mod.
That struck me as odd
ktb, where?
wooohooo!
wow, she swallowed that one whole
I think I'm going to try to reply to her.
I hope so
KTB is a saucy tart
I drove her out of #k5 forever.
k5 is next.
okay, I replied
We should get her in here somehow
Would that really be a problem?
We have plenty of bitches on our team already.
names withheld to protect the guilty
No, KTB is a saucy tart
osm replied to her original post 
Is that what that means?
That somebody has clicked reply but not submit yet?
I had wondered what that was
YUOFAGOT
shift the equal sign
Is there any way to figure out who gave a post a zero rating?
I'm not, and never will be 
Yes, I did
thanks.
And the contradiction between saying that there is no right, yet we should pursue civilization
The post makes utterly no sense when picked apart.
What will you say?
Directional in what sense?
Why would that make it unobservable?
Well, you're quite right.
None of them have turned to mice or eels or such
haha, wonderful
evolution == improving relative to me
I am familiar with haiku.
It's wonderful, though
Where was it posted?
She should really see it.
Is she on the troll mailing list?
Yes, formally it suffers, but the sheer emotion expressed more than makes up for it
mv, well how should I know?
How was I supposed to know that!
She's constantly provoking me into abusing her.
Very trollish, in my opinion
I don't get told things.
If you need to be reminded of my role, just check the topic 
See, she's a troll
What the hell kind of sport is that?
You people should try sports where points are actually scored.
KTB, you take me much too seriously sometimes
Only a very advanced creature could deny that life has advanced.
I like it
It's different.
I like both
It's fun when #trolls is full, and something cherry comes down the pipe and everyone rushes over to /.
to rattle of something really quick and then comes back and watches to see how they do
I just wish /.
would post better articles.
They've been so worthless lately
Maybe it's Taco's plan to get rid of the trolls
That post gave me the willies
I hope he was serious.
That would be funny.
She never replied to my second post 
Does she know how much that hurts me?
She would be sadistic like that.
I love her, though.
You know that.
Was she wrong in thinking that?
Maybe it's for the best
If she had not rejected both of us, it would only have forced us to dual
I cannot answer that poll
All the options are true
Yes, best to make them choose
I had to comment
Really?
I shall look.
I like this This is perhaps the strangest argument against scientific research that I have seen.
Somebody gave you a 1!
Arkansas
Aurkinsaw
we kan spel
Don't UKians have the silent 's'?
And Thames
wtf is up with that?
Way more
a crappy dictionary lists 19 different english vowel sounds
Hell, dem rednecks can learned englush!
At the grocery store, they have a product Italian Sausage.
Can all the sausage making in Italy really be reduced to a single item?
I don't know; I've never been.
But new languages, like ebonics, spring up to take their places.
And spanglish
I never learned spanglish 
impressed.
damn furners
Yes, you are.
And the voices in your head?
What do they speak?
do portuguese people even have a language?
I thought they just ran around in the hills with no pants.
Maybe you should look for a new line of work?
ktb, I can't give that a 5.
I would lose all credibility
Try Additionally to mix things up
I shall become trusted, too!
I've gotten 0'ed
It hurt
It literally hurt me
I bled
It wasn't a crapflood, either
Why did that get 0'ed?
And how can I find out who did it?
would you look at a post for me?
Goddamit
FUCK YOU PAUL CROWLEY!
He stalked me over at /.
when I was active there
He'd post a reply to all my posts alerting the world that I was a nasty troll.
What is his problem?
Mind if I plagarize your subject?
jw is herself an artwork
I replied to one of my replies
I want paul crowley edited out of existence
shoeboy, since when have you had it in for me?
yes, but I find it a little odd the you would follow rev's lead.
No, I'm just saying, rev started the campaign against me, and I thought you were more independent than to follow his lead on everything
It has been fairly obvious  < that's what I'd tell rev if he weren't ignoring me
rev isn't worthy to lick jsm's balls
shoeboy, I'm going to kill you on sight.
Hell, I'm going to kill anyone who might possibly be you
She's kinda ugly
You don't have that much stuff
It's not my opinion.
It's the general consensus
Whatever you want to think, shoeboy.
If it makes you feel better about being infatuated to an ugly chick, go ahead and insult me.
I bet you punch like a girl, you cocksucking microsoft monkey
Was she having a problem with her eyes getting raped?
kids these days
I remember when a woman could walk the streets not having to worry about occular rape
shoeboy, that's just not true
You're not a violent individual
Yeah, you're welcome
shoeboy> My anus hurts from last night.
I really have to be more careful about which bars I visit.
shoeboy, quit with the /msg'ing
I'm not sure I quite understand it
I'm a little bothered by him
Well, he's quite right about me, but I wish he'd pipe down about it.
I like being taken seriously.
of course
You had puppies!
Then you're right, I suppose I will not guess.
Really?
Not over the Internet?
How odd.
She does want you!
But it was so much fun with that other girl
What's her face
You know
Yes, perdida!
I find it odd that Jin would be friendly to you.
Does she not know that you're constantly sicing me on her?
It was supposed to be a gerund of sic
But it does look odd
sic2 also sick sk.
sicced, also sicked, siccing, sicking, sics, sicks.
To set upon; attack.
To urge or incite to hostile action; set sicced the dogs on the intruders.
apparently is siccing
You should take this opportunity to invite her by #trolls!
Excellent
I don't think Inoshiro likes me
I got it.
holy crap
That's about all I have to say 
Anyway, Inoshiro was going off saying that I never said anything genuine or unscripted.
Can you imagine that?
You're igrrl thread got huge
Your, that is
You should thank em for all his hard work
Somebody is abusing the 0 rating quite a bit
Whatever else your post was, it wasn't spam
rusty should do something 
Slashdot is different, because moderation is additive
Even if some clever person 1's your post, some idiots can still get it back up to 4 or 5
And then, there's paul crowley
Did you get icq for your future love?
hullo, cp
I'm still smarting from KTB stealing my love
But, I suppose backstabbing is par for the course around here.
No, mine was the best
It was I who suggested using the hello.
jpg as a gz icon
A derivative work
I get real horny 17 year olds
Boys do count, but I mostly get young nubile girls, with smooth skin and firm perky breasts.
GoatsecxGirl, no.
You can pretend over icq, this is true.
However, when I go to have sex with them, I would be able to tell if they were 60 year old men.
They are not.
GoatsecxGirl, I have 8 senses.
Count them, 8.
Only one ceases to function in the dark.
sight, hearing, taste, smell, touch, precognition, telepathy, and the telekinetic sense.
The High Council can.
never mind
The High Council is composed of.
forget it
jasmine rice is good
Scottish people are notorious for telling falsehoods.
Don't count on him to do it
I only have one 1 FP to give
I can't think of good nicknames 
That's a little obvious, I think
Is it supposed to be obvious that the same person is voting multiple times?
Fine, I'll make a qpt account P
pb, haven't you heard?
Jin_Wicked is KTB's new love.
We have to back off.
Somebody briefly liked me a few days ago
Why would I be bitter?
KTB, that's the story of my life.
I can't get bitter every time it happens.
It would be too much effort.
Now you're going to get it.
He's going to cook you.
Like wasabi?
pb you know that KTB and I are the same person.
right?
He really does.
Don't be too hard on him
gz has turned nasty
Yes, but there used to be a few posts that didn't flame Vlad.
What do you have against her?
What's wrong with lusting after priests?
What's wrong with einstein?
Dude, girls don't fucking have balls, you moron.
pb it shows in every girl.
you just need to know where to look
I'll give you a hint, above the knees and below the belly button.
that's where you won't find a girl's nonexistent balls.
No she isn't
Now, what was this you were saying?
Not you, KTB
codewolf was in here again?
he's irritating
Excellent point, pb
I'm sure most k5ians have a very low Dexterity
and Constitution
Wt i te pn f l he ar?
let me make a couple hundred accounts really quick
I wasn't actually going to.
Hello, KTB
Why do I not like the sound of that?
Hello, pb, cp
pb I have been on sabbatical
pb no, not really
The people on k5 are starting to annoy me.
They are slashbots squared
My trolls are so untrollish, it's absurd
But I still get 0 ratings
cp maybe I will, then
I was thinking about having quantum_pixie give qpt a ton of 5's, but that would just piss people off further
KTB, I did get an email from some guy asking where he could find more about my views on evolution.
I should've told him to look in his ass, since that's where I found my vies
Poor Vlad.
He shouldn't eat so much.
Is it?
I don't know much about Vlad
a stone is?
Well, if he's 7 and half feet tall, that's probably okay
I didn't know that KTB was just a li'l guy
I bet he's cute!
Isn't it great fun, lb?
well, wasn't it great fun?
I heard back from Jin, KTB.
I'm sorry.
She did?
Then she's a lying bitch!
That she wasn't coming
No, I just apologized for being mean and told her that people here wanted to talk to her.
Oh, a pity
okay, brace for a flood
That's okay, I'm quite used to it.
Something about me lends itself well to 
certain people taking delight in misconstruing things I say and trying to 
make me look bad.
I've just come to accept it as inevitable reality.
I was not staying away on your account alone; it was not just that 
experience but also several others in general that went very badly that 
caused me to delete IRC from my computer.
I have come to realize that for 
whatever reason I have to literally watch almost every word I say outside 
of private email and messages lest it be twisted out of shape by someone 
who is either bored or on a mission from God.
I can only speculate as to the reasons why I am such a common target for 
people's aggression; honestly, besides the occasional disagreement I have 
with people, I am a very nice person and do everything I can to help those 
around me and humanity in general.
I used to be very arrogant and in those days I flamed with the best of 
In the past year, though, I've mellowed out quite a bit and become 
much more accessible to people; however, that's also made me much more 
vulnerable to personal attacks, mostly because it hurts my faith in people 
a considerable bit and I sometimes can't handle the disappointment.
I accept your apology, and I am also sorry if I did anything to offend you 
or make you uncomfortable.
I am, as I said, usually a nice person, though 
sometimes a bit more lonely than I would care to admit.
There is nothing 
you or anyone else can do about that, however.
I have no desire to return 
to the #kuro5hin chat, or use IRC in general.
You can speak on my behalf to 
anyone there who desires me to come, simply tell them that I am sorry but 
these are my wishes.
My email box is always open.
I did receive a very nice letter from KTB after I wrote him privately in 
response to one of my posts, and I appreciate his offer to join a different 
channel, where he says the conversation is much better.
I am just not up to 
it at this time.
While you may have good intentions, that does not account 
for the rest of the chatroom.
I'd just rather not go through it again.
am often physically ill in one way or another, and I just can't take more 
stress than I already have.
If there is anything you wished to discuss with me or ask me about, I will 
be more than happy to answer your questions via email or privately over ICQ.
Regards, 
Jin Wicked
March 30th, about 6 in the evening.
I like how she writes really long whiny essays in response to everything
What was it?
seriously, just stop.
haha, of course
Larry Wall's daughter.
Larry Wall wrote Perl.
Is he still trying to seduce her?
He looks better, in fact.
I'd say 34% sexier now.
And also how he looked at birth, which disturbed his mother no small amount
I think first he needs a gz.
Heidi Wall likes Cary Ewes
shoeboy, I'm sure we'd all be interested in shoeboy's sex tips.
Maybe something about shooting and raping the hole could be included
I would've hoped you'd be over her by now.
Hello, shoeboy
Tomorrow.
It's a dead heat.
livewire, shut up, you worthless piece of GNUloving shit
Hello, KTB
Vote, fucker, or shut up
Hello, pb
I haven't seen her.
What do I have to do?
You too, now?
Have you been emailing her?
You could call her, if you like, KTB!
That's the right number?
I have to alleged Heidi Wall phone numbers, and that's neither of them
s/to/two
Is she still in Seattle?
Is she still in Seattle, though?
You went about it all wrong.
pb, put me on it!
please!
pb thanks!
The phone number jelerial called is in San Diego
Why would you even want her home number?
I thought she was still in Seattle.
You must get off easy
Heidi wouldn't approve
She likes me.
We've been spending a fair amount of time together, and she doesn't seem to mind me.
I'm actually.
thinking of keeping her for myself.
Sorry.
She's changing my mind.
KTB is no more of a virgin than EE is
I tried to read it, but it's so long, and I'm so dyslexic!
I know you did
Just click it, dammit
They are pretty firm.
so I imagine
Yet, you want me to provide you with young american womanflesh
You lazy scottish fuck
Why don't you phone her?
It's a lot cheaper than flying her out
KTB, I had no idea you weren't actually interested in her!
My standards are pretty low.
She's female, so I want her.
That is my problem
Women are too smart to date me.
When you're ugly, poor, and have no personality.
it's difficult to find interested women.
Chicks are impossible to please.
Women take one look at me and scream, Oh god.
what is that thing!
haha, I'm trying to be open and serious, and all you can do is joke
Some friend you are!
I haven't any subcision or 12 piercings, so yes, I think you're joking.
Enough!
That's the last time I try to be honest about my feelings in #trolls.
That may be my problem.
I try to drug them too early
Last time I asked a girl out, she laughed!
She fucking laughed.
I'm not interested in most girls, and the few that I am interested in are utterly beyond my reach.
I don't know.
It's a vibe.
I have thus far never read anything by ESR.
I'm not sure I want to start.
Yeah, that seems stupid.
Way to analytic.
I'll stalk around in the dark outside of women's apartments.
That way they'll want me too.
I think I'll get a Russian mailorder bride
It's just so expensive, and I'm so cheap!
And I'm such a awful catch, I have no chance with American women.
I don't have a picture
I avoid cameras
KTB is gorgeous, too!
I want Heidi Wall.
I've never seen her.
Shut up, GNUhippie
nothing at all
which is why we are here
I spend so much time doing homework, that when I don't have any, I don't know what to do.
What class?
I don't know anything about that, except that socialism is evil.
I'm not going to get in the argument, because I have no desire to be banned, so think whatever you want.
pb, is that the real Jin_Wicked?
Hello, cp and perdida
Hi, and thanks for taking the effort to type the last letter.
Well, then for autocompleting.
It still means a lot.
Hello, KTB, are you here?
Thank you for the offer, but I was looking for him or shoeboy.
I was thinking about writing a k5 diary describing my dinner with shoeboy and discovery that the Heidi Wall obsession is not an act.
I wanted to bounce the idea off one of them
hello, em
Not single, but yes, he's gay.
aye, he's a nerd.
Hemos seems okay, too.
Money?
Sweet.
Send any you have to me, and I'll take care of it.
Put it in an envelope.
Like a letter.
Do you have any money nearby?
Instructions for giving qpt money
1 Sit down at a table with two sharpened pencils
2 Stick one pencil in each nostril, pointy end first.
3 Bring your face down hard on the table.
I wandered off earlier, and didn't see your messages.
Sorry if I seemed rude
I'm trying to figure out how to avoid ever doing that again, but I've only a few hours to come up with a plan.
hello, KTB
That was a wonderful article, shoeboy
just stop
Yes, KTB?
I'm happy for you.
Really, I am.
She's a nice tight twat.
And hello, KTB!
I met this girl!
And we went out!
But then we fought.
so I killed her.
Then I ate her.
yeesh, I hate myself.
And what've you been doing?
To liberate the Scottish people from goatsex addiction?
Scotland is free, sure.
Nobody's going to pay a cent for it.
It's Scotland, though
No, bt.
Goaty is not a bot.
ooh, can I do it this time, cp?
I was reading kip's gz story, and that's a really good idea!
I have tb's source.
Or maybe tb2
Or I did.
Let me see if I can find it.
Oh dear.
We're all such a burden on cp ;
I just registered #troll_school
Would you like to teach a class?
We'll try to get you a time slot, if you would
Excellent.
Would you prefer a lecture, seminar, or lab format?
Why are most of the people in here at any given time cp?
children
I'd claim that KTB taught me everything I know, but I wouldn't want to make him look bad 
Who's spiralx?
I thought kaity was a guy
Who does Jin_Wicked hate?
hal wasn't evil
Hal was misunderstood.
im not the whipping boy anymore
ive moved down to outcast
none of the real trolls will talk to me anymore
ill be banned soon and then itll be over
What is it?
Or do I want to know.
But what's it made of?
You know what I mean.
hello, KTB
Why do you have the same whois as cp?
okay, I figured it was something like that
Were you advertising us on trolltalk, or is someone still obsessed?
Yes, that one
How odd.
Someone needs to just let it go.
I do teach people how to read with my spare time
It's very rewarding
Young adults, perdida
I don't approve of porn.
Yes, really.
Because it contributes to a general degredation that is sending the western world down the same path that the roman empire took.
I suppose trolling can, but it's not necessarily part of its nature
Making an industry out of lust drains energy and resources from more productive pursuits.
I don't read slashdot, perdida.
I read it when I troll, but never the comments.
Am I, KTB?
Again, KTB, I would need to see a link.
KTB, no, you wouldn't do that to me.
Give me a link, damn it.
Yes, like perversion
You've convinced me, KTB.
I will start posting more, and each and every one of my posts will have the word Jin_Wicked in them, and in context and be on topic.
I've gotten a shitload of second posts
Jin_Wicked already hates me less than she used to.
I'm making progress
She does not
yeesh, perdida, duh
Thanks ;
I'm a kurobot, or so I hear
You have no idea what it feels like to be me
I was talking to you, fuck face
wasn't, even
Never moron
I'm so sore!
I'm in agony, but whenever I think of Jin_Wicked, I can't help but beat it.
and that's like every two or three minutes.
Fuck you, shoeboy.
Somebody ops me for a second so I can kick this shithead
thanks, chanserv
you're getting annoying
Be sure to submit that when I do my Geekizoid interview
Your ass?
You're a whiny worthless fuck.
I don't think I will.
He got sick of shoeboy and left.
pb is a known nerd!
but better than shoeboy
good night to you all of you, except shoeboy, to who I would like to wish an especially bad night.
jelerial, did you make KTB his page?
I've been meaning to write erotica for gz, but I haven't
Who's Vlad?
Any time
Indexed, please
I'm very picky about my pr0n.
I only like pictures of people I know, taken right before they're beaten to death.
blargle == cyborg_monkey
Oh well 
It's gay code
It's pearl, I think
You'd have to ask perdida for more information.
She's the resident homosexual.
I must be going.
I will talk to all you lovely people soon!
KTB, has jelerial made you your page yet?
Was it everything you hoped for?
I'm glad you weren't satisfied, KTB.
Porn is sick and wrong.
Shut up yourself, jackass
I'm not a liberal and well adjusted country
I want Jin_Wicked porn
I don't want to be a pest 
Slight her again, and you'll pay with your head.
what you burning!
My favorite porn is 23ADKJ.
Goddamn is that sexy!
It was a great article
Isn't indymedia a porn site?
I may be mistaken, but I thought perdida used to have a link in her sig to some topless chick, and I thought the domain was indymedia
whatever
You can call it whatever you want, but I spell it degenerate
I'm not sexist.
I'm just opposed to perversion.
tits are the devil's work
or something
Aren't you worried that something you download might have a tit in it?
Oh, so you're another pervert.
Seems par for the course in #trolls.
KTB is only slightly a pervert.
I like him.
Hello, Signal_11
rev bans everyone at least once
He's mean and tough!
you're awesome, cp
Welcome back, Signal_11!
cp, can I do it next time?
Welcome back, Signal_11!
Welcome back, Signal_11!
Well, I'll be damned
Show a little respect.
If cp says your comment doesn't exist, it doesn't exist.
You'd best stop all that shrugging.
You'll wear out those broad masculine shoulders.
I once had an erection.
I still have it.
I'd like to stop having it.
It's been seven years.
perdida spawned the books, as well as a host of other evils
I believe so
Perdida has tits, you know.
the devil's handwork
You mustn't say that in front of em
Not good enough, _Delirium.
You must say nothing positive about Rand.
It's less nebulous than what you would take as proof that she is not.
I don't know anything about her.
It really does, em
I watch tv and play video games instead!
I never bother to read anything in IRC
It's all crap
That isn't true.
I didn't actually read that article
I mostly just stare at her webcam for hours, wishing to see some flesh
I'm not telling.
You'll slow it down.
And what do you mean by that, zikzak?
Have you seen Jin_Wicked?
She's gorgeous.
You're just jealous that she likes me more than you
A catagory that Jin_Wicked avoids by light years.
Nothing worse than a well armed pair of tits
To be honest, zikzak, I can't recall.
Jin_Wicked's tits are perfect and good.
They are beacons of purity in a world filled with filth.
By the radiant light, my path is illuminated and my mind is cleared.
Hello!
I am so glad to see a fellow nonpervert.
You people are digusting, and I'm going.
I'll come back when you stop being so petty and vindictive and acknowledge the perfect beauty that is Jin_Wicked.
hello perdida
She's coming around
And I don't wish to marry her.
It's not my style.
I simply wish to abuse her.
I'm not sure if I follow.
To want to abuse Jin_Wicked and find porn distasteful?
I don't see the connection.
I find it distasteful because it is immoral.
What is degenerate about being sadistic?
You're confused, sir.
She said, and I quote, I am not sure if I should be annoyed with you or not 
The problem is, I don't think she reads k5 that much.
And our romance must be public.
I wouldn't want to disappoint the k5 voyuers.
That's excellent.
She won't be able to resist reading them.
She's much too in love with herself to pass up the chance to read about herself.
You're filled with great ideas.
When I'm arrested, I'll mention you.
I must be going now, though.
Thank you for everything!
I've got /.
mod points if anyone needs 'em
What's going on?
I see.
I knew there must be something weird if I have 'em
Why were you banned?
drdink did the same to me
It's not still all about crapflooding?
I think shoeboy stole my account.
He said he was going to.
Why the obsession with sporks?
How much information do you need?
It's a combination of a spoon and a fork
No, it's a spoon and a fork
That is all
Somebody scooped everyone's brains out with a spork.
I can't help, sorry
I would, but I'm too busy looking at jinwicked.
com and masturbating
I'm banned from #slashdot
All I said was hey all
I missed him?
eek, why the hell would I want to!
Nice work, though
what does N do?
Hi, fluffy
moppet, rev has a psychological disorder, don't fault him.
It's called being a total jackass.
you figured it out.
I'm sure the dog had no problem
fluffy sounds like a cute little lesbian, not a cute little soctsman
scotsman, even
No, I will, from some hotmail account.
I need to make one.
trhurler?
That would be wrong.
What's his real name?
rusty is as guilty as we if he sees this 
Yeah, I've got trhurler@hotmail.
You lost me
Oh wait, I gotcha
No, she's offline, or not on icq
I even put in a poll option just for her
Somebody has to have some
Yeah, that's going to work
Did the sporks steal your brain?
I almost get the feeling that you're having fun watch me make a fool of myself.
but that couldn't be
I don't read GZ.
The word feces is starting to really irritate me.
I'm serious.
I feel a little ill when I read it.
He's an editor
Don't downplay your involvement in the stupidest gayest weblog ever.
You have a bird?
There's a topic icon on gz KTB's bird
Is she your penis bird, perchance?
a pity
You didn't!
My passwords were in that log!
ai, I am lost!
is fluffy really away?
Maybe you'd be willing to tell me what I'm getting at?
I'm taken, if that's what you're getting at.
You're nice, jelerial, but you're not Jin_Wicked
I don't want Jin_Wicked to die.
I love her.
You can eat eels, but not ools.
I love eel rolls!
Yeah, they're a gas!
damn you, now I'm hungry
What's in it?
I can't wait.
Mexico is the assend of north america
But north america isn't a person.
It's metaphore, dear boy.
You're almost as dense as shoeboy is a jackass.
I didn't try to spell education
jelerial, help
elby is trying to provoke me.
tell him to stop!
Well, gnarphlager, is he/she hot?
gnarphlager, fuck everything that breaths.
It's the only way.
goddamn.
I want to rape jelerial's anus.
We'll have none of that.
You're never too drunk to rape!
Rape is one of the few natural pleasures still afforded by the modern world!
Fuck you!
I wanna rape somebody.
My raping jacket is at somebody's place, though 
No, rape is good for everyone involved.
Nah, it build character, regardless.
They tend to be of low moral caliber
They needed to be raped more, is all
Exactly, elby.
What is unacceptable, however, is the raping of men when women are availible.
It is necessary for men to maintain their precarious control of this planet, and rape is an ideal tool.
It should not be used to weaken ourselves.
You'll destroy us all, fool.
That's the alcohol talking.
The gnarphlager I know loved life.
I don't know you?
Maybe not anymore, but when I raped you as a young boy, I knew you better than anyone, even if only for a moment.
It hurts to see you come to this, but I cannot let you bring all of our longlaid plans to ruin.
You have to die, gnarphlager.
I still love you, so I will give you a week.
If you are not dead by then, matters will be taken out of your hands.
elby, he'll be dead inside of 3 hours.
Don't be afraid.
You were inadequate, gnarphlager.
You will fail, and the world will continue without you.
You could've been.
anything.
When I felt you from the inside, I felt the immense potential you had.
And now it's all come to nothing.
You don't pay to rape someone.
Yeesh, kids these days.
Give him oblivion up the anus, jelerial!
gnarphlager's anus will be changed forever.
And jelerial seems uncertain how to proceed.
I suppose that's what you get for trusting a woman with a man's job
He'll have to do better than that
I'd kick drdink, though, if given the opportunity.
Because this channel is a billion times as good as #slashdot?
slashdot is being as hell.
It's just a bunch of nerds jacking each other off.
I meant to say boring as hell, but I'm rather out of it
Not quite as bad as gnarphlager, though
No pictures, lb
You do not what a hyphen is, don't you?
What a retard
No, he's not.
I think so
Yes, he is
Can you do anything useful with ascii, mr.
codewolf?
Like make porn?
we can't talk about this secret stuff with spoon around
KTB, I got an email back from Jin
I'll paste
I'm not sure if she recognized it, but she didn't think it was me
Thanks for the note.
I've seen him on IRC though and I think mostly he's doing it to be antagonistic.
He hardly pays attention to me when I'm around and mostly talks to other ppl.
I wouldn't worry about it  yet, anyway.
I know, but she's not very interesting
That's an excellent point, shoeboy
I'll break the diary into two pieces, first I'll talk about how I love her but am too shy, then on an unrelated note ask for advice on gathering information.
And her good buddy trhurler will let her know
trhurler is trying to get jin to complain to rusty
It's hotmail, but yes
We'll see
I've got to go, though!
Hello, Joseph
How do you know this?
how amusing
I wonder what the email said
What pics?
Where?
No, lesbian is fine and moral.
That stupid bt gave Jin_Wicked a 5 on that comment.
Nobody is supposed to kiss up to here 'cept me
her, that is
is qpt going to get deleted?
he's much too levelheaded to be a weblog boss
fat lot of good that does me ;
professional == done for money, amateur == done cuz you're drunk
How about a single pic that is posed nudists engaging in lesbian xxx on a webcam?
guyguy == shit on the ceiling
I'm sure you do
More fat chicks!
If you have pr0n of vlad, I'll kiss you
I like porn that 5 pixels by 3 pixels.
One has to use one's imagination, then, and it's all the better.
Except that she's a cheap 3 pence crackwhore!
ty ktb
ktb, what do you think, should I stop?
that's what I was thinking
go for it, as in, go for stopping?
That seems a little odd
And huge hips and butts?
why's that em?
rev voted for anal?
imagine that
Rev is anal
Of course he likes it
Then why are you worried about a little competition?
And you can't do it well enough to keep it on your own merit?
Your right, it's not funny, so why did you mention it?
em is a linguist, not a fruitcake
Oh, one thing, Joseph
Do you have any Jin_Wicked porn?
May I have some?
muppet_rabies you're full of it
Joseph please?
muppet_rabies proof?
ktb has dark, swarthy black heads
now, muppet_rabies, cough up this Jin_Wicked porn!
eh, hmm
That's why you should use win2k!
didya install win2k that quick?
I imagine ktb is being little and pimply
s/is/as/
Those are man tits, dummy.
Don't you know girl tits when you see them?
Most anything could.
That's what's scary
so, then I suppose that means spiralx is my brother too.
He was cybering with someone, I think
He's getting annoying
I'm pregnant!
No, lb
I know, it was foolish of me to fall for him.
I have 20 new in the queue
okay, but why?
I only voted it up because you asked me to.
That's forward psychology.
Hullo, rusty!
There's the classic Will you sleep with qpt?
Figures
He's an idiot
There isn't really any difference.
jelerial has decreed.
Oh, rusty, sorry for pointing Jin_Wicked at you, but I couldn't help myself.
Hi, Miniluv is bashing your degree over in #k5
Hello, elby.
hi rev!
scrying
The channel password is trolls.
Really.
hullo, ktb
I'm being an ass in #k5, like usual.
I have to go to work in a few minutes.
you thought win2k was free software?
win2k was free to me and thats all that matters
its wednesday
i actually dont know what youre talking about
better watch out.
some of us are rather xenophobic
mad props to ktb for keeping up to speed
I should warn you, there is a disguised slashbot in our midst.
I can smell it
You're quick to protest, ktb.
hey rev!
I didn't seem like you.
You usually ban me pretty preditably.
predictably
i like women in overalls
i realize this
i like women in overalls, and sandles but no socks, with their blonde hair in a braid
no, i don't
i can't stand women who don't bathe
vlad would masturbate over anything
i don't like most blondes either
they must be natural and not to light blonde
how do you figure, jelerial?
in general, i prefer brunettes, but the few girls that i've been very very attracted to were all dark blonde
I saw it and thought it sucked.
proving only that women are bitches
It doesn't seem so serious when you realize that all violence against women is crimes against stupid bitches.
All of a sudden, you don't think more laws are really necessary.
Maybe women should be like deer.
You can bag 'em, but only with a permit during certain times of the year.
The world would be a better place if all women were in perpetual fear for their lives.
What does it mean if your woman is pestering you in the living room?
Her leash is too long.
OOG could teach us modern western pansies a thing or two about how to treat women.
thanks, rev
I get laid, and I'm fairly sure that rev does.
Well, there you have it, zikzak.
Your mortification is the reason you don't get laid.
Women love being abused.
And no matter how much you take it up the ass metaphorically, you won't shit blood the next morning
what did it mean?
Yeah, it's a delicate balance.
Male bonding so quickly turns into homosexual orgies.
No, it's the essays that count.
The big beautiful essays, telling you how wrong you are.
ah dammit
nilzja?
slashdot is annoying
What are you talking about?
MUDs are as bad as pornography
Well, if cp is a god, I want to be one too
hey, vlad
is ktb here?
I just wanted to congratulate you on an excellent story
I could never get into MUDs.
I'm functionally illiterate, so I need pictures.
The only games I play are 80's sex games, with their awesome CGA porn.
Hullo, Communista!
kurobots are disappointing.
I don't think one of them managed to muster much of an attack at all on UE's story.
You did, but nobody could knock it over, and no offense, but it's not an airtight argument.
Thankyou, I had no idea.
All I'm saying is that these clever kurobots should be able to knock it over, if they're half as smart as they think.
they aren't all programmers.
em is a linguist!
Vladin8tr, then you should upgrade to Win2k
I'm serious!
Win2k doesn't crash
I hated both Diablos
Now Fallout, there's a game
Figures.
Punk kids playing their Diablo
I haven't either.
I'm playing it right now, but I keep getting distracted
It takes place in postapocalyptic northern california
It's isometric, like Diablo, Baldur's Gate, and everything else
I don't usually cheat, except on the 3rd or so time through the game
That is cheating!
I have competition?
im a kitty
It wasn't me
Maybe em thinks he is a big wank
Maybe rev got the channel password, and we're all doomed.
Is IAT a fatty?
Hullo, fatty!
Oh, 15 stone!
I'm only 9 stone 
Oh, no
Then I'm like 8.
5 stone
I thought it was 13
I'm going to work.
I lean toward GNUMud
yeah well, I don't really care.
I'm surprised it took this long.
That's just mean.
Attacking me after I'm banned.
Hey, rev!
I was just looking for you
I need to get off IRC and get some work done, but I feel unmotivated.
So ban me, you scumfucking little whore!
hello, cp
mud wrestling?
wrestling is meant to be done in oil, by attractive women.
any other way is wrong.
hullo, rev!
It's a shithole
Why would you go there?
You deal with the sort of creatures that creep around in a shithole?
Lucky you.
Why don't you measure your dick while you're at it?
yeesh.
Damn geeks wanting to compare computers.
You know, zikzak, let me tell you what worked for me.
Get a friend in a car to drive the length and check the odometer.
I once and this is no lie penetrated the entire dallas comboy's cheerleader squad.
All at once.
There's nothing like sticking your dick through 30 cheerleaders.
You measure your cpu in Mhz?
ktb, teach me j00 k3wl sk1llz
ktb, ops for a sec?
Is _Delirium here?
Oh, I just wanted to tell you thanks for keeping my campaign going.
It's a hard battle against huge odds.
I got tired of reading those stupid little comments telling people how they voted.
I guess I just.
snapped.
haha, I didn't see that.
BlueBear because you suck.
And you know the free ones came from open
hello, jelerial
hello, homochrome
You've made the sign, but now you need to go stand at the corner?
On your resume, be sure to mention that you're momocrome
Exactly
Hello, rev.
So is your spanish.
I was just saying.
you know
In a big hispanic pond
momocrome  girl's toys?
dildos?
I'd like to design a dildo.
It would be two feet long, and six inches around
It would be spikey
Was it two feet long and spikey?
After I finished designing my dildo, I would construct it.
Then I would ram it up Jin_Wicked's ass
And leave her to bleed to death
I'm glad you asked.
The little scottish guy is scared?
Anyway, momocrome asked me a question.
Jin_Wicked tore my heart out, cut it up, and served it to me on a plate.
And she had the nerve to charge a 35% gratuity.
She did.
Now I am souless and dead.
I walk this earth only to have my revenge on her.
How so?
You wretched fool.
You can never understand how I felt about her.
I'm not interested in your sob stories.
This was love, and now it's gone.
Jin_Wicked?
homochrome, your girlfriend has quite a few years before she needs to worry about sexual maturity.
Did you mean to type 12?
I can't 
I'm too fat to find my penis
I should've gone to the fucking gym when I could still move 
I'm writing a story for k5, and I'm having trouble with the title
Well, it blames conflicting perception of lesbians for the existance of oss
it's coming along well
Well, to help you see the mood, I'll paste my working title
A Reasoned Inquiry Into the Disparate and Contradictory Perceptions of Female Homosexuality and Its Affect on Software Development
But that's too long
But, there was no blast
How can there be a counterblast?
Who is turned on by vomit?
I want pretty young college girls running around naked in the Bronx.
Nothing else will do it.
dammit, momocrome, don't you have any links for me?
none of that is nude college girls on city streets
Is ktb here?
This, then, is the origin of such phenomenon as open source software and the GNU project  marginalized male lesbians seeking to reaffirm feminine ideals within an artificial technosocietal construct.
It had to be said
It'll take 24 of them!
I'm editing it now, to make it more pseudointellectual
I thought of the line violent appropriation of their masculinity and I have to use it somehow
What's that?
wee, I'm almost done
I need a new account
Quilla Pandora  gifted pen
Well, that has no q's or p's in it, does it?
You use a bsd?
I thought jelerial was female.
OSS users are male lesbians.
It's proven.
ktb, is there any time of day that might help it a little?
I don't really care about bsd.
I'm asking about my story
I'm asking if there is any time of day that posting this might increase its lifespan.
So k5 users are anal all accross the globe.
It's a pity.
eek, I need a topic and section!
cultureoped?
Do you conceive of yourself as a marginalized male lesbian?
well, it's done
and fuck!
it changed oped to technology, the motherfucker
And it cut my title off, but didn't in preview.
Damn you, rusty
rusty is out to get me 
I'm going to repost in a few days with a different title 
And a slightly different intro.
That's disappointing, though, that it works in preview but not on submit.
I'll have to complain to someone
trhurler always makes me laugh
wrong window again, elby
You're a prince among men, KTB.
I saw that.
has treated me badly
I'm too scared to even see if I'm allowed in #k5 
I miss #k5 sometimes.
Well, some things were said, and some feelings hurt.
And I was put on the channel ignore list, and my domain was banned
one sec
Well, the straw that broke the camel's back was qslack, you're a scumfucking little bitch.
I hope you get ass raped by a lesbian gym teacher with a softball.
Well, hurstdog did
I'm going to try to join
It just says my address is banned
I don't have any outside of this domain.
Wrong window
lynx www.
asciisheepsex.
It's gone
No, wait, it's not
It's at 24
It needs one more down vote 
You can do it, li'l story!
You can make front page!
Turn it around!
It's going to get its second wind any minute now
No, it's gone.
Oh my god
I feel so empty
Under a different name!
Do you know what I did last week?
I crapflooded k5.
They said it couldn't be done, but I did it.
Did you see any of my 1 posts?
shoeboy
It's over.
She rejected me.
She didn't really say.
Email from my address!
That's impossible!
She did.
She just posted a whiny post to my diary, and I tired of her.
She emailed rusty at the urging of trhurler@hotmail.
Why was it a mistake?
I have to admit, romantic gesture was not my first thought
Plus, 1.
8k is a lot to spend for sex.
Maybe elby would let you have some of whatever the fuck it is he's been on for the past couple hours.
But if you can make it look like a kitten, who cares if it crashes?
telnet
to port 80
No bloat.
ktb, I think he wants to look at porn.
What do you mean a security icon?
You guys are acting positively botlike
And they're certainly showing their true colors.
This has become apparent to me
Should we hold an intervention?
He's too far gone?
You're probably right.
My OS was made by a troll  That's really reaching for it.
Getting defensive when backed into a corner.
classic response of someone in denial.
Now you're making no sense at all.
rev isn't a slashbot.
Because it's no one's business?
ktb, that doesn't make any sense.
Why would so many Windows users be interested in a site that talked so much about Linix?
Well, slashbot or no, you're certainly paranoiddelusional.
I think em might just hate the web, but can't admit it
Oh yeah, then it will take less screen space
BLADE=DIK
I knew it
I always knew it
Maybe you just really really suck at fighting and should go home and clean the house?
You can't hate final fantasy
It's slow
brow sex?
sounds fun
How is it fun?
a gorilla
Bananas are phallic.
Only a gay would find eating one to be fun.
You're a little too gay, if you know what I mean
I noticed that you're gz girl has a large adam's apple and rather hairy arms.
He shouldn't be long
He's zero to cum in 60 seconds.
The ladies are less than thrilled by it
I'm not denying that your GZ girl is art.
what I'm arguing is that she's not a girl.
Like this
She's not a girl
Want me to do it again?
Have you.
checked?
zikzak.
I didn't insult Natalie!
Is your keyboard slippery, pqt?
she looks fierce
I know sql too, but I have access to nothing 
I don't!
And then what?
If you find this person and kill them, it won't undo what they have done, and you will the guilt will torture you forever.
Just a friendly warning
The root password is probably just root.
Unix users are dumb.
Yeah, it's password the rest of the time
Now, why do you want the logs?
Thanks.
You're all very helpful.
You're assuming that prophet is the same person who gave the crap to vlad?
It seems like a big assumption, that's all
It seems that they would've emailed him directly with it, asking him to post it, and then this prophet guy just thought it was funny and put it in his user info
And insightful?
Maybe jelerial is the culprit?
My money is on ktb.
What do you say tlt?
5 says it was him
That is so true, zikzak.
And the scottish are by nature damn liars.
That's the weirdest fetish I've ever heard of.
What kind of person gets off on stealing helmets!
And disturbing
This has been very enlightening, though.
If I ever backstab anyone on GZ, I'm going to use safeweb
No kidding
The management is corrupt
POAST?
lb owned my last night 
I hope they did, ktb 
It would amuse me to see them get away
What are you going to do?
When you find the ip
And you wish to prove that not only are you no better than prohet, you are in fact worse?
By taking vengeance, you'll only justify him, by proving you deserved what he did.
ktb wants blood
type sqlplus
I know this, tlt
jelerial, of course not.
I was just making fun of mysql
Poor ktb.
His bloodlust is interefering with his ability to speak rationally.
howdy, rev
It's delete  from table_name where field = 1077;
That's the sql you need
True, but it makes it seem more encompassing
jelerial, write a query that correlates the ip's of all the other users to the ip's of prophet
do a query for hot grits in rev's pants
cp == prophet
insert into rev.
pants valueshot grits;
yeesh, the gz ed staff makes micheal look downright reasonable
You really are.
So who's prophet?
Well, no
I'm just asking
Well, good for you.
Now you can have your little orgy of revenge, and prove yourself to be an absolute fool.
All is well with the world!
You're fooling nobody, ktb
You obviously found out that it was cp and realized that you couldn't go up against him and had to back off, pretending to place the blame on this other guy
Don't think it stops here, though.
zikzak, let me put it this way I'm really fucking hungry
I mean eww
Although, goodness forbid that I ever listen to a ukian band
zikzak, get of the drugs, or they're going to eat you alive
off, even
Well, maybe they're worried about being suddenly called into combat
Is it really so different, ktb?
Isn't it all an analogy for gay sex, anyway?
When it comes down to it, you know
I just haven't found the right guy
Yeah, why?
Fucking wino
What are you babbling about, boy?
I don't think so.
You see, they're male.
I am not attracted to males.
For a guy to be attractive to me, he must not be male.
No, he must never have been male, or be at all male
If I say yes, will you shut the fuck up?
Well, it's not true.
The truth is, there's only one man for me, and that's rev.
The truth is, there's only one man for me, and that's rev.
Are you being honest?
ktb, you're going to get me banned
The truth is, there's only one man for me, and that's lb'
rev is uncomfortable with his feelings for me
But that's a lie!
Although, being a GZ editor, that wouldn't bother you.
Poor vlad
He brought on a den of vipers as his editorial staff
microsoft shit
ktb, I don't even trust you to die if I stick a .
45 to your head and pull the trigger.
That's basically my feelings for the rest of the ed staff, too.
That's the gist of it
Jin_Wicked was mine until ktb got involved
I am to annoyed as the sun is to hot.
zikzak, no offense, but you're one of them
You know, them
Over thar
Yes, that certainly is convincing
Especially coming from a fucking pathalogical liar, ktb
It's more a pattern of deception than individual lies, you know
I has barely begun to exist, and you tried to assimilate my identity!
You made me believe that I was you 
I turned on you?
What you say!
I don't know why I bother, of cource you don't have one
I don't believe this
em, help
But I'm right!
How could I not abandon GZ?
It's shit!
Well, that's the last straw
Oh, nothing.
I'm sure you are.
You want me to tell you what a clever liar you are, and stroke your already overinflated ego.
You called it an osm screed, then changed it to craig without noting the change.
That was deceptive
You didn't even reply to the BP who brought it to your attention, making him look like an idiot
You are an imbecile, and being deceptive doesn't change that
You're the linguist.
Don't ask me.
Well, I'm going now.
We'll have to keep feuding later.
The truth is, there's only one man for me, and that's lb'
The truth is, there's only one man for me, and that's lb'
some reason == kip
Being a GZ editor, he's steeped in hypocrisy and bans me for lurking of all things
I'm not sure if I should take this as a compliment or not that was just the most anal and silly analysis of a question I've ever seen
Why not me?
But I have my top secret new nickname!
What is your project?
And why am I to be excluded?
Hasn't the poor bitch suffered enough?
Well, I don't look like a troll.
I look like a troll or a moron.
Keep that in mind.
No, I'm not really trolling.
I'm making a social commentary.
I'm sick of people posting longwinded and uninformed crap and passing it off as an opinion.
So, I am using my training in philosophy and literature to generate crap of such length and irrationality that it defies imagination.
No, because if you read my posts backwards, it spells out yo momma jokes.
I don't think that can be said of the writings of a typical grad student
You momma is like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, and thrown in the gutter.
I'm curious about something, zikzak
Do you happen to know the difference between a truckload of bowling balls and a truckload of babies?
ktb, you're podrodena stanica?
I don't recall asking
Is cezarg a troll?
zikzak, you're going to take orders from him?
You're zikzak for crying out loud!
Here's a dime.
How 'bout a table dance?
This is depressing
I know it's Dumbo, that's why it's depressing.
Disney is evil.
clean and pure!
Donald duck walks around COMPLETELY NUDE BELOW THE WAIST
Well, yes.
And it was hard, but not that hard.
zikzak, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Well, a crush to distract himself from his other crush
He's in love with perdida, you know
Now he's trying to distract himself with Jin
I'm in love with perdida?
You couldn't make any less sense if you tried.
In fact, I think you are trying.
Let me get my crystal ball out.
Boys and girls, it's scrying time!
Yes, you fucking illiterate goatrapist.
In hindsight, I really was reach for serial goatrapist, but came up short, so to speak
We're feuding.
You said that you were ashamed to be associated with my posts
Your last mortal thought will be, Shit, I really shouldn't have said that
I want your head on a pike, you scottish freak
I am dwelling.
You're being ironic.
I just noticed Jin's sig
I find it troubling
There's a Poe quote that I am fond of
It's from Masque of the Red Death
Even among the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jests can be made.
We, of course, are the utterly lost.
Rob Malda is a matter of which no jest can be made.
It is simply too serious.
I will jest about raping zikzak with a cheeselog, but I know better than to ever mention Rob Malda
Correct me if I am mistaken, but shouldn't there come a point at which GZ stops getting worse?
Isn't there some sort of natural law or something?
ktb, I had an idea
If we are going to feud, GZ should know about it
I was thinking of the following
Some emails and irc logs proving that you were working behind vlad's back to gather personal information about the crapflooders for malda so that he could prosocute when the new legistlation banning the defacement of public forum web sites is passed the next time congress convenes
It would sound more real that way, instead of me just writing it myself 
We need two conversations
One with you asking jelerial for access and stuff, but not telling why
Another one, we'll be talking, and you'll mention how you've been getting money from Malda for some work you've been doing.
It'll be up to me to put it together in the story
Before I post mine, post a story talking about how much you'd like to just get rid of crapflooders
But don't really make threats
zikzak?
It looks like a box
Another idea, but first, what really happened to that idiot WIPO?
Maybe just a mail from Malda saying thanks for WIPO.
You forwarded it to a few of the THC, but one of them leaked it to me
Do you want to call him an aetherial faerie paedophile?
Not quite.
No, that would be good
ktb is charmed
I thought I saw spiralx for a minute
zikzak, how does a longnamed oldtimer like you feel about the utter victory of three letter nicks?
Do you sometimes feel like there's something you should've done differently?
So is it an evolutionary process?
Will the ultimate trolls of the future have noletter nicks?
Well, I'll be
There are only 17576 threeletter nicks
In a public forum, though, doesn't 3 letter nick just shout troll!
cow is just a stupid bitch, that is, a female
Vai and zed I know nothing about
I'll give you a dollar for it
Help what?
Well, I don't care when I ejaculate, just so long as it hits some girl in the face
That was my schtick a few days ago
That bitch
scry my schtick, bitch
Also, schtick==shtick, if that helps
scry, by the way, is what one does with a crystal ball
ktb will die at the hands of a large horny scandenavian woman
No, and ugly one
No, it didn't.
It wouldn't surprise me if you were trying to paste using open source software
Cut that out, ktb
I feel violated
A little epic
There you have it, folks, ktb == Rob Malda
It really would be, if he hadn't stolen her from me
Damn scottish
She does, in her heart of hearts
She lays in bed at night, fingering herself, whispering your name
I have the video!
You can have it too, for $9.
Well, that is good.
Fucking BURN in HELL you backstabbing twotiming piece of serial goatraping scottish SHIT!
If I ever meet you, I AM GOING TO KICK YOUR ASS!
Tell her to go fuck herself with a cactus.
Stupid slut.
I need to get something off my chest.
I love you, zikzak.
Okay, back to whatever we were talking about
That's fine.
I like it rough.
Take her seriously
Say that it was a privilege to defend her honor
mention her weight and looks disparagingly too
no prob, fat cunt
There's 4
zikzak, when does it stop hurting?
That's very cold
Don't mention it, I always try to look out for people who look like they're struggling a bit
I wish Jin was my pet
I would!
I'm broke, though
I remember when I was young, whenever I felt blue, I'd go out, find a sweet young thing, and rape and kill her.
It always helped.
For some reason, though, when you're older, it just doesn't happen.
I know.
zikzak, help.
He's hopelessly infatuated
You getting infatuated is part of a plan?
I will
This isn't looking good
Well, he asked why I was banned, and now I haven't heard from him for a bit
I told him that it was a misunderstanding and was weeks ago, anyway
drdink is an anus
This is disgraceful.
How can they do this to me?
beating her would feel good
I don't want to verbally attack her.
I want to physically maim her.
that would be so sweet
Flame her yourself, ktb, and then defend
Using the same account
You are right now
qpt==ktb
inoshiro is gone, and I'm still banned 
I'm doomed to never talk to sweet vsync again
poor artivle
Shut the fuck up
I'm not jealous, I just am begging you to shut up.
I have been listening to your mindless prattling about Jin_Wicked for two hours now, and it's starting to wear on my nerves.
I said SHUT UP YOU GODDAMN SCOTTISH FREAK.
Those pansies in #kuro5hin banned me for language
Yeah, what's it mean?
I don't read
Who's poe?
I watch movies!
No, I don't just watch pornos
I think Adam Sandler is a genius!
Shut your gash, bitch
zikzak, save me!
oh, never mind
I thought ktb was going to kick me
I do not suck, but I will for you
I realized something tonight, pb
All the bandwidth in the world isn't as enjoyable as the feel of a girl's breast
RealComm?
RealCommunista?
Not you too!
I don't see what you guys find so appealing
Communista
Watch out, pb.
ktb has the tendency to steal the girl you love 
ktb, how could you, really
I thought we were mates
What the hell is wrong with you?
I'll steal your testicles, but only long enough to deep fry them.
Then you can have them back, as a meal
We should cut this out and get lives!
Why is it that whenever you see a problem, you always jump immediately to the solution that makes utterly no sense!
I have trouble taking keslyn seriously.
I tend to imagine her naked, which isn't difficult, all things considered
Right, pb.
Are you a troll, ktb?
ktb, when you're off in your little fantasy world, do you ever look up and say, Goddamn, I really am one deluded little fuck!
Fine fine
Would it add to the fun if qpt reappeared professing his love?
I'm going to need a 5 to keep from going right under
Well, crap.
I'm an untrusted user.
I can't even post!
hell no
I'm going to email rusty
Well, it's unfair!
He's not in a mood to help me 
I already tried to get him to unban me from #k5
ktb, how the hell did I get myself in this mess?
I'm starting to get the feeling that I'm not wanted
thanks pb 
My story is ready
This is serious!
Okay, done
Can I submit stories?
I haven't tried yet
anyone, can an untrusted user submit a story?
vote me up
thanks
It really puts the screws on 'em without making me sound whiny
Well, I probably should've read it after I wrote it
pb, read more carefully
I am not going to bore you with selfrighteous cries of censorship, or demand to be restored to my place in the community, but I would ask you to briefly reflect on a few things.
While many of you have in the past condemned the discriminatory and exclusionary social structures in highschool and elsewhere, it is obvious that Kuro5hin has proven itself to be no different.
While you can endlessly debate the merits of exclusive communities and get nowhere, the fact remains that if exclusion is a sin, then Kuro5hin is guilty.
I said what was on my mind and tried to be honest about my thoughts, and ultimately, I was rejected for it.
I do not deny that every other member of this community has the freedom to associate with whoever they choose, but I do ask that you put aside the hypocrisy of viewing yourselves as an oppressed minority.
You have been rejected, and you have rejected.
not what I meant to paste
You have been rejected, and you have rejected.
pb quoted me wrong, then I pasted wrong 
We're fuck ups
pb, should we?
But first.
No, this isn't a troll story!
I vote myself up 
They are!
Siggy is their leader
Miniluv?
Jin wasn't attacked.
oh never mind P
It should get at least 1 real vote up.
Someone proving that they aren't cruel and cold
Yeah, you are a bot ;
I was a flash in the pan on slashdot!
I barely posten in trolltalk
flame away, sir
You, sir, are a genius
zero ratings are utterly abused!
excellent
It's always about jin, isn't it
She doesn't cause chaos, you all do
No, I am innocent.
I fell in with a bad crowd.
That's all 
Somebody had the nerve to say my article should've been a diary entry!
That wouldn't force 25 people to pay attention to it, though
It's a great comment, though
If I were this girl you are obsessing over and I think obsessing is a fitting word from reading your journal entries, I'd be super creeped out
She loved it
The attention almost brought her to orgasm.
that may be an exaggeration
You are duplicitous
zikzak, that's priceless
I'll be back in a bit
post #4 rules too
That was unfriendly
This is great 
You don't like him?
I wish I could respond to Eloquence, but it would of course be unreadable 
I just want to point out that nowhere did I say k5 made the wrong decision in rejecting me
I love this I will also make the observation that the first step in avoiding rejection is to stop acting like a creepy weirdo.
is he picky?
imagine it without us
Just serious uninformed discussion about boring topics
It would be just like you to write an article in GZ telling the world how you're responsible for k5's quality
Well, it never hurts to hear yet again how great ktb is
kip is a wank
I realize something
Well, can you keep a secret?
I don't like Jin_Wicked.
At all.
In fact, she rather annoys me.
I thought that I was neutral toward her, but no, she's obnoxious
Yes, but we can't let that get out
It's more fun being a creepy weirdo
Well, you seem to have trolled poor tokage
Would she be pleased, or not, I wonder.
If Jin_Wicked knew what everyone's real stance toward her is, would she still enjoy the attention?
But, in an odd way
But we don't really want her to go away 
Is it unintentional, though?
Either way, she makes a fine goddess, should we decide to become religious
Yes, I'm sure there was a lot of doubt about who qpt, quantum pixie, and quilla pandora really were
Poor rusty.
We sit in here and plot and scheme, then assail his site for an evening, then back off for a bit, but it never really ends.
I wonder why kip felt it was important that we know what was on his mind.
Is he gay?
No, I'm glad he's gay
I'm a little put off by straight guys who think about dick constantly
88 votes, and it's stuck.
ktb present?
I saw that.
I took off after I went to bed.
I was quite surprised
I'll have to read it all
ktb, don't let it go to your head.
she's trying to seduce you, so she can destroy you
This is depressing 
Get a beautiful young girl to lick and kiss it
I must take my leave of you, gentlemen.
Farewell.
hello, tlt
Well, elby is the 1337est
THATS A LIE
I mean, no, that isn't true
Yes, of cyourse you may!
Would you like a normal one, or a mastah?
I'm going back to work!
Buh bye!
hello, rev
BlueBear, if you don't quit whining about whatever it is you're whining about, I'm going to.
do something
I'm sure I don't give a fuck
zikzak, there has been a clear affront to my honor.
I have taken a lot of abuse, haven't I?
Pick a number between 1 and 10.
Wrong.
Take of your clothes.
I tire of your games.
Hello, Jelerial.
She is annoying.
Let's dispose of her.
ignore cyndrekit
ignore zikzak
ignore cp
yeah, no problem
It's your fault, though
You are.
Stop what?
We are
ktb == qpt.
This has been established.
That's unbecoming behavior for a hardass nigga
zikzak, do you know what rankles me the most?
It's not the abuse, it's the fact that everyone feels they can abuse me.
I don't mind being abused, but I don't like being abused by nobodies.
It's masochist
I'm sorry, but who the fuck are you, cyndrekit?
Who do you post as?
I'm just curious.
Who do you post as?
Yes, I'm sure it's been rough, but you must've posted at some time as somebody, no?
hello, em
They are, em
That clueless
She's obviously an idiot, and should be kindly asked to step down.
The nerve
The high road would be to refuse to repeat her babble back to her, earning a bad grade and welldeserved univeral ridicule.
But it would be the high road, if you're interested in such things.
One would hope you could get that sort of thing right on the first try
Nice Yeah, that's a problem.
But at least it means trolls have to get organized, right
I thought it was well known that the trolls are highly organized.
You get cast from paradise
Or k5, as the case may be
Trolls  A Ridiculous Liberal Myth  I think k5 is ripe for such a story
Basically, it is untenable to suppose that anyone would have the patience to do what trolls are alleged to do.
Spend hours posting ideas that they disagree with?
The very proposition is absurd.
Trolls  A Ridiculous Liberal Myth  I think k5 is ripe for such a story | <qpt> Basically, it is untenable to suppose that anyone would have the patience to do what trolls are alleged to do.
qpt> Spend hours posting ideas that they disagree with?
The very proposition is absurd.
I am, but I will have to wait for my good luck charm
yes, my better half, ktb
You know what they 4th best gets in the Olympics?
That's right.
nothing.
I don't think there is anything to understand
It was probably hidden.
Nobody but ktb fishes for compliments quite so blatently.
Hello, my better half!
You related tested equality between uk and canada, then assigned canada to the US?
I don't know.
I'm hotter than I used to be.
Really likes him?
Or really likes him.
I am writing a story.
aww, that makes me feel warm and fuzzy
You did?
You must be ktb
I will whois you
Sure enough
Who is livewire?
Oh, then should I not discuss my story?
Will he ruin it?
I have a new account name!
Nobody knows it!
Anyway, my working title is Trolls A Ridiculous Liberal Myth.
It's comming along nicely.
hi again
People are the same.
Is this a computer, or an addyourownmeat whore?
Sure, but none in the Internet.
What part of the country are you in?
Well, there's Mick's Taxodermy it's just a front in San Jose.
That case won't fill the void or make you happy
goaty, stop that
em, if you're still wondering, it has something to do with cheap modems
hello, Anya
Why the identity crises?
Anya is a female name, you know.
Pretending to be female online is just wrong
Do you know an Anya?
Anya, I posted to /.
for the first time in forever last night, and sure enough, Paul Crowley tried to bust me.
That guy is unbelievable.
Well, he got modded down, and I got modded up, so I don't feel too bad about it
Well, if it was in a can, it can't go bad
Because, after the date, it tastes metallic
Literally?
Ooh, a nasty violent ukian drunk.
The whole island is chock full of 'em
I've made a mental note to avoid everyone I've ever seen in #trolls
I'm sure muppet_rabies wouldn't beat a sweet young innocent girl up
You're a coward
I'll take one of those, please.
Not really.
In the US, 90% of all violent crimes are committed by blacks.
Anya, you should post in bold also.
It'll be extra irritating
A bench?
Looking for love, I imagine
Reject Anya?
Unthinkable.
Well, of course they are
Scottish folk are dumb
There wouldn't be any point in giving Scottish people difficult exams.
They would all fail, and you still wouldn't know who was less stupid than who.
They drink their brains to death by age 10
Much more broad
Scottish people, particularly the women, are too broad
Fat, one might almost say
We had a movie over here about Scotland.
It was called 'Braveheart'.
They had to get an Australian to play the lead, cuz no scottish actor could remember the lines.
Are you going to put up with that?
How dare you kick me, whore?
All the scottish girls I've known have been plump to say the least
Well, two.
From Scotland, visiting America
girls in general just suck
poor guy.
maybe somebody should go over and cheer him up
I am, but it's coming slowly, because I have so much crap I'm supposed to be doing
I think I mentioned to you.
Basically, I'm arguing that the common conception of trolls is absurd.
It is ridiculous to suppose that someone would devote that much time and effort to arguing a position that they didn't believe in.
Human beings are inherently passionate about their beliefs and trolling would contradict this passion.
The reason trolling is so widly perceived, however, is that because of the intellectual relativism birthed by neoliberalism, ideas can no longer be criticised on any grounds except sincerity.
Shouting troll is the only mode of disagreement left in a neoliberal community.
That's a quick summary
momocrome, I'm arguing that trolls do not exist.
I don't think that I believe it.
I also am going to mention that k5 is facing a crises due to all the fixes being proposed for a problem that does not exist.
Namely trolls.
Isn't that a little generic?
I even have a title, but I can't use it 
pb is on the side of nerd
He shouldn't give it away.
That would suck.
Much too large of shoes to step into
oh yes!
Just read Jin's last post to me.
between the lines, she's screaming her lust for me
oh, now he's gone
A mail?
She called the whole thing a big, poorly planned stunt
Perhaps, but it was wildly successful
She called what I did humilliation and that she was embarrassed.
I find that gratifying for some reason.
It's not dead!
It could still come back
They are obsessed with trolls.
The trollbusting is killing k5
Where?
I know!
I think some of my posts have 10 zeros, which is amazing, considering
I got under a lot of people's skin
attack me.
don't expect me to pay attention, though.
He wouldn't recognize you, Anya
I thought you wanted to lay her
Speaking of tokage, do leave him a lone for a bit, because he's going to get me back in #k5
Where's vlad when you need him
Hey, I have an idea.
Maybe I'm the real vlad.
sneaky
No, you don't.
Nobody gives a fuck about vlad.
You heard it from the horse's mouth.
To have sex with?
I'll find out!
I know.
Why hasn't anyone got me out of this little fix.
momocrome, if I wanted a morality lesson, I'd ask Jin
farewell
Anya, shoeboy.
What sort of post would you make, anya?
Careful, shoeboy is very manipulative
If one doesn't give you just what you want, you become whiny, then threatening.
That's my point
You provided one just now!
You recast your desires as needs in order to instill guilt and a sense of duty in others!
I hope it makes you feel awful.
It makes me content.
Yes, we were, and then you lost your head over Heidi and it has never been the same since
You stopped seeing me as an individual, and instead wanted only to use me to get to her.
Oh, it's easy to say that at this point.
Now you're insulting me?
I don't think I'm going to put up with this.
My, you lose your temper quickly.
Maybe that's why Delores ditched your sorry ass so quickly?
There was no hurry
Thank you for the critique.
Speak of the devil
It sounded more like lust to me, shoeboy.
I wonder why, shoeboy.
I didn't know you were interested in kickboxing
That's not very believable.
Only a lunatic would marry shoeboy, and Anya_ clearly is not one.
You're mad.
What on earth are you talking about?
shoeboy, you've lost me
Where did you come up with this?
I said that?
And you believed me?
I'm also the wicked witch of the east
Something on sadism would make an interesting story, though
It looked pretty gay anyway.
If I wrote an article on sadism, would it get posted at GZ?
I actually share a birthday with the marquis de sade
Well, different year
So you want to start hurting women.
WTF would anyone want to hurt a man!
There aren't any female trolls, despite what anya and perdida will try to fool you into thinking
I was disappointed by bikini bandits
Yeah, but that does nothing for me
If they're not being beaten and humiliated, what really is the point?
perdida yes
That's an excellent idea, perdida.
Lesbian
Anya, what ops are around in #k5?
I probably should've thought ahead and not pissed off all of the ops.
Yeah, that'll work!
Well, there's nothing else to do with the money except give it to crackaddicted black teenage mothers.
yeah, it was too confronational
pardon my spelling.
im a moron
kuro5hin can't join channel address is banned
It's a few thousand
Still, I got a few thousand people banned from #kuro5hin!
All schools from K through Uni should be merged together into one superschool
Trying to explain principle to you guys is next to impossible
Never heard of it.
The important point is that I am in the right.
They wronged me, and should undo it.
You're suggesting that I go in uncloaked with a different ident demanding to know why I wasn't allowed in while cloaked?
That's an idea
Yeah, I've got that
Any suggestions?
How about MoronicLinuxFuckface.
I'd fit right in.
I go to school with trhurler!
be back in a bit.
Do I come accross as arrogant?
fuck whoever you are autechre.
Well, fuck me.
It worked
That's what he says.
I won't try 'til tomorrow at the soonest.
Umm, no.
I closed the window.
He just told me that he didn't think I did anything worthy of a permanent ban, but that if I was banned again, Inoshiro would be the only one who could unban me
I never did that in #k5
How was I supposed to know qslack was respected?
I can't imagine anyone respecting him
I called him a little scumfucking bitch
Not a chance
It's way to suspicious
dotolo was just in there whining
Nah, that seems to underhand
The new qpt is clean, straigh, and above the board
I'm going to have to go soon.
That girl I mentioned is coming up
a wetsuit?
It's purely platonic, dear autechre.
Confusing you?
I doubt it
I start to wonder if Jin really ever liked me
I need to be more like BlueBear, I think
Never mind.
You're not left out.
There's just nothing to know
If you really want to be on the inside, try to get on the list.
although, rev will shoot it down, if nobody else does
No, it doesn't.
The only way to get on the list is to suck off every current list member.
Obviously, the first member had it best.
Where is she?
Not her
Yes, great pun, autechre.
Why do I get the feeling that if I whois'd you, it would say zikzak?
Well, haha
everyone likes me, autechre
well, she's here, so buh bye
I don't sleep
cheese
zikzak!
How could you!
oh well, I had much too lovely of an evening to care about zikzak spoiling our game
Anya, why do I get the feeling that you've prepared a devious trap and are impatient for me to walk into it?
zikzak there is one now  #qpt
and delusional!
There, happy?
zikzak!
My channel does not suck.
Anya, where have we met?
this is absurd, in #k5
pardon?
What's a codger?
That's not the real Jelerial.
hehe, I do have to go.
See you around
Hello, Anya
Showgirls
Anya, raoul is stalking me, or trying to.
Well, I can't come online without being invited into his little homosexual club called #slashdot
No, it's creepy
And screwing stupid folk is a bad idea.
They have stupid diseases.
Why is that?
Sometimes, I think slashdot has become angry and jealous because so many of its trolls are spending a lot of time at k5
Slashdot feels like a spurned lover
By spreading love
Unprotected love?
What is love?
No, that's why I'm asking.
It sounds like you're not going to spread love so much as sappy poetry
We've unmasked you already, Anya
So if you're wanting to spread using the medium of love, why are you using TCP/IP?
Go stand out on the street corner with a sign reading Free Hot Love
I don't hate anyone.
Now, doing mangled pastes is hateful
I do too!
No, wait, that's bile
I mock you, but perhaps I should be listening to you
I am facing a crises of my own
Perhaps your way is the solution
That seems to be inevitable
Why am I so annoying?
I seem to be extra annoying
vladinator  momocrome annoying
I didn't read, no
Oh yes, I saw that.
Anya is becoming a pr0n addict
How so?
They why did you say that it was conflicting?
Nobody laughed, Anya
So, you tell an unfunny joke, and then try to convince me that it was on purpose?
I had merely thought that humor was supposed to be humorous.
Thanks for the correction
And disney and wayne's world aren't funny
Progress?
They were never funny.
Not really.
Humor is subjective.
bzzt  Thanks for playing, though.
If it was only subjective within the parameters set by my culture, it would be impossible for an american to find american humor unfunny
Now, that was pretty funny
No, when it comes down to it british == stubborn, and that's about it
Jelerial, such statements are meaningless to anyone but yourself
Well, I don't work on weekends
You'll get hairy palms, too
Go for degenerate
You haven't the taste and refinement to become a connesouir!
No, it's best to come to porn at age 13 while hiding from parents and other authority figures.
The guilt is invigorating!
Oh, like Seattle
Except Seattle is small, and not ugly
Oh, Scotland is small
How big is Ireland?
If it's smaller, why is it in the news so much more?
Poor english
Still, with the Irish picking on them too, it must be hard
They want to be independent also?
What are they going to do if scotland becomes an independent country?
It's just a bunch of skirtwearing wackos!
You can't any done on the international scene like that
You'll be bought in a hostile takeover by a Japanese, American or German company
Did you lend him some breath?
But I thought you were into that sort of thing
But, aren't you and shoeboy exlovers?
lb, let's pretend there was hot lesbian action
Were they erotic dreams, Anya?
Well, I'm leaving!
I'm going to go be bitten some more!
hello, Jelerial
All of the same girl?
That's disappointing
Are any of Jelerial?
45 mins?
Try 45 seconds
Hopefully someone is taking pics of it, for her site
yeah, I'm right here
How does sadism make you feel?
Tell me more about being beaten.
This isn't about me.
I want to know how you feel.
I don't know why.
What are some of your ideas?
How does hiding something make you feel?
Hooray!
I got another story posted to gz.
It's a bit easier than k5
You used to be an author, right?
Sorta?
There's vlad for you
For not authoring?
Well, screw him.
How would you like to be an editor on my new / site?
Well, that's probably good.
Since I don't have one
And don't plan to make one
I'd hate for you to be disappointed
Well, not on my site, since it doesn't exist
Excellent.
Your password is also nonexistant.
Use it to log in.
hi, kip
Anya, you GiZ editors are even worse than I thought
You changed my story from a frank expression of love to a statement of perversion.
Yes, you did.
You can see for yourself.
It really wasn't very clever, which leads me to believe it was vlad
No, I do not.
Nor did I write that.
I didn't write my article either
What are you talking about?
Anya, can you do me a favor?
Delete the story that's by me
Why not?
It was already censored
Ask spiralx
spiralx saw the unaltered version
Well, it doesn't matter, but obviously there's no point in posting anything to GZ since they alter stories and I'll point that out at every opportunity
Yes I'm sure
I liked it find when it said what I wrote
It had nothing at all to do with homosexual perversions
In that case, why don't you cross the pond and go for coffee with rev?
As do I
I didn't submit that story
I submitted a different story, which spiralx posted.
At some later time, it was changed to read like it does now.
The original story represented my creative effort.
It was wrong for it to be changed.
If someone wants to portray me as a homosexual, that's fine, but they should do so in a different context
Yes, that's acceptable
I simply don't like having speech attributed to me that I did not make
I'm not overreacting at all.
Mostly I've just been laughing at kips interpretations of consitutional law, etc.
It's disappointing, though, after I actually tried to contribute to GZ.
Obviously I won't be doing that anymore.
If it was an American that changed it
Which of course it was
You're quite right, of course, most Americans are amazingly dense and have a very childish sense of humor
I always agreed.
It was fun to argue, though
I wanted to share my joy with GZ, though, because I have a new girlfriend
kip, after the Heidi Wall debacle, not a chance.
That isn't the point.
I wanted to share my joy with GZ, and someone ruined it
The last thing in the world I want is for her to get email from you freaks ;
Good for you, Anya
Hi, lb
no, they find me annoying, oddly enough
No, I think you're just trying to trick me, Anya.
spiralx, am I annoying?
Well, I trust spiralx much more than I trust you, although for the life of me I can't recall why
No, why I trust spiralx.
He seems reliable, in a druggedout sort of way
I've got it, you can always count on him being passed out on the bathroom floor when you come home.
Kind of, ah, there's spiralx on the floor.
all is right with the world.
Now, what were you saying, Anya?
You stole my former love, Anya.
Plus, you're constantly changing names and genders.
Well, no, but often.
By the way, Jelerial sure has your number ;
The topic
I don't deny it!
She merely picked up on one of the germs of truth that you drop once in a while
eh, somebody, help
spiralx drugs quick plz
At least I won't notice it
It's inevitable
The most I can hope for is to be passed out
The gayest troll tell me that he loves me, and I'm supposed to take it platonically?
It's not babble.
It's my thoughts and ideas and dreams
Of course
Yes, but I'm becoming scarred, so it's not so bad
It does sting, though, to have all you live for described as babble
Maybe for now.
but isn't it you who wants to bring love to trolling?
If you are the troll of love, why is that you're the one who wounds me the most?
Oh, it occurs to me, Anya, if you're curious whether I was in fact lying, you can check now if you want.
Troll of love, perhaps, but you are still exceptionally stupid.
spiralx, do you have any intelligence or memory enhancing drugs for our poor friend Anya?
A pity.
It looks like you're stuck like that, Anya.
That much is obvious
about my story, dunce
I'm not a troll in the conventional sense, I'm a pathalogical liar, and I fit in better here than most places
but, I'm off to class.
farewell
Yes, I think it is particularly.
You're right.
It would be more like <Anya> Why?
Does it make me look fat?
Anya, this is getting a little scarey.
scary, even
what is scary is my inability to spell
Well, how do you like that.
He just left!
hi, em
Take it out of the jewel case, Anya.
That's unfortunate, Anya.
It's too bad you don't have a Win2k box handy.
My CD seems to work fine.
her cd driver
Oh, okay.
Still, it sounded suspicious.
Thank goodness
At least it's not your boyfriend Barry.
That just would've been wrong
Howdy, rev
Hello, Anya!
I wonder how anyone could get that impression
The first one's always free, eh?
So, rate everything down?
Anya, did you see Jin's reply?
That was perfect
I didn't really understand what he was trying to accomplish by writing it
Nothing fosters social change as much as a geforce2
I think you should stop harrassing spiralx over his purchases.
He was probably high as a kite when it bought it.
Well, fluffers don't need powerful computers
Covering one's self is not one of those uses
You take your kilt off and pull lasses around?
I still laugh every time I hear that a UKian is going to put a fag in their mouth
The usual linix problems, I'd imagine.
An inability to run any good software, combined with a bad case of acne.
No, Anya uses a BSD and has more computer troubles than everyone else on the planet combined.
Anya> Hrm.
My CDROM seems to be broken.
Anya> Hrm.
My hard drive doesn't work.
Anya> Hrm.
My video card is all messed up.
Good for you.
You're SO 1337
Can I have your children?
My womb longs for your seed.
You're a backdoor girl, if you know what I mean
I'm annoyed with Vlad.
Which is probably what he wanted.
I don't know what he was trying to do!
I went a dug up The Moon after I saw that, and read them side by side.
I really don't think they're very similar.
The road to somewhere is paved with good intentions, I've heard.
No, Rome.
All roads paved with good intention lead to Rome
I was being terrible in #k5 yesterday
I almost feel bad
I had them convinced that I had witnessed 9 shooting deaths in my life and didn't feel it was any big deal.
They were all Canadians and Australians, and were horrified.
Anya, should I submit it to GZ, per Vlad's indirect request?
Hell, and replace Kuro5hin with Slashdot and send it there too!
Any GZ editors about?
Can I get something posted?
jackass
I'm looking at the article right now, ass.
There's nothing there about any boyfriend.
Whatever, ass.
Sure I did, ass
Thanks, ass.
Oh, sorry, Anya is the ass
I got goofed up
Enough out of you, ass.
Okay, ass, what did you change
Take that out.
The paragraph you added
Delete it, you piece of shit
Cut it out, fucker.
You're not fooling anyone.
The paragraph starting As many trolls are found here in Seattle, motherfucker
Fuck you, asshole.
Damn you
Fuck off
You fucking lying worthless sack of shit
Fucking shut up, asshole.
humor?
it's not fucking funny, you idiot
sure, because you're invulnerable.
you pick on people who can't possibly get back at you
Oh fuck off
You come off it, asshole.
You think you can fuck with other people's work and their going to appreciate you're humor?
Goddamn you are fucking stupid.
Goddamn son of a bitch.
Burn in hell, ktb.
Fucking asshole.
I have a hypothetical question
Let's pretend that the admin of a certain large web log enjoyed the music of a particular band, and was also much hated by all.
If I happened to like the same band, would that make me evil?
Well, that's a good example 
yeah, enough idling, ya wank
Yeah, but they have pickle chips
The RAF is one of the finest air forces in the world
The RAF is also the best trained air force, with the most modern equipment
Yes, it's important that your fighter jets have proper panache
fighters.
I'm sorry.
The thought of a jet fishter made me laugh.
Is your fishter too slow?
Are you not fishting enough in a day?
Well, get the new jet fishter and watch all your fishting problems fly out the window!
rev, hi
fishters, I assume
and a fishter to boot!
137 k5 comments containing rediculous
Anya, I'm pulling down the expect flames on GZ.
Those guys are so lovable.
risponsible?
Oh, but everyone knows that
Yeah, I know
Did you see gbd's precious little rant?
forever!
He began almost exactly an hour ago
I tried to disrupt it early on like that
But it didn't work
People don't believe me so much
You might as well run out there dressed in troll orange with AYNA=TROL stamped on your forehead.
I'm supposed to be writing a paper 
I don't really know 
All I can think about is my girl   I've become quite pathetic
Trolls, like priests, must remain single
I was compared to Jon Katz!
I don't like vlad at the moment
I'm frustrated by gz
And its crowd
Anya, as much as I am ashamed if it, it's my roots
That's where I came from
I started as a crapflooder on /.
was one of the first gz users, and worked my way up
No, they didn't make it secure and stable, they forced others to.
There's a difference.
I was a very bad crapflooder
Mostly I just made snide remarks as an AC
Just anyone at all.
I bitched at you a fair amount 
Hmm, you were far and away the most successful troll at the time
Well, there's only so much time in a day
I wasn't particularly bothered, I just found it amusing to holler at you and people who replied to you  for being such an obvious troll, and for replying to one
I'm the one who dared you to reply, if you remember that.
I thought trolling was supposed to be false.
nonwhites really are inferior.
Do you know what percent of violent crimes in the states are committed by minorities?
I don't think it's quite that high, but close
Do you guys have anything like mtv?
It's all rap over here 
Is Radiohead UKian?
Well, that's a 1 for you, but then you guys also had the spice girls
haha, that's great
civilised countries like the USA  < no UKian would say that the USA was 'civilised'
Everyone outside of America hates America
No, let me believe that
It makes it easier for us to set you up the bomb
Maybe you can answer something, I'm not familiar with the k5 queue
What is going to happen to my story?
It will never be voted up or down.
ah, that's still a long ways off, though
well, that's excellent
Do you play cards?
I bet you cheat like mad.
I'm jesting, but it seems to be your attitude 
You had your own deck?
That's terrible.
Were you taken out back and beaten?
I have only resolved to cheat at poker once, but I ended up not having to
It was strip poker, so my pride was on the line
But of course, women can't play poker, so it made bloody little difference
It seems painfully obvious that women are inferior in most respects.
I have trouble realizing how that escapes so many people.
Serves you right
Maybe he's just stupid
I know
He needs to be shut up
Why me?
I don't want to be banned.
I am becoming a respected member of the k5 community
Yes, actually P
I will someday be a real ops.
Nah, I would've have kept it
I knew I'd only keep it as long as I didn't use it, and then where's the fun?
I called qslack a scumfucking little bitch
Well, he's just a little kid.
Maybe it could've waited for a few years to be said.
That is sad
Anya, you can talk.
Your lack of a girlfriend has driven you to try to change your gender.
I have a girlfriend, tlt
But I do
I spend several hours a day in her arms.
It's nice
I will vote on it now
Word is 7mb
Why does your editor need a calendar?
tlt, you wouldn't be so infatuated with it if you had a girlfriend
Anya, what do we do with him?
Those two can't give what a girl can provide.
Seperate domains
Anya, I don't think you know what you're talking about
Perhaps, but immensely happy.
Communista would be better.
What are you babbling about?
serve's 'em right
They're j'st a b'nch of fr'nch r'j'cts
h'y cp
I wonder why it got stuck there.
Someone really should do a statistical analysis of voting patterns
ktb told me that wouldn't be for a while.
It's 750, right?
cp should know, and I should stop listening to Anya
Okay, thanks
I tried to tell him that the other day
He wouldn't believe me
I told him that those damn trolls had stolen GZ from him and there wasn't a thing he could do about it
And that those damn trolls ran the thing, and he didn't have the first clue what went on.
eh, he blathered on about how he still had control and knew what went on, blah blah
em, sir, you have affronted my honor, and we must dual.
You have no honor at all.
Anya, my scottish sister, how can we explain honour to these cretins?
em, sir, you have affronted my honor, and we must dual sic.
mode/#trolls b qpt!
by em | <em> sure'
2 down, 1 to go
Thankyou
Now, I just need to be topiced in #/.
Of course, it's all your fault, Anya.
I was barely born when you tried to steal my identity.
It had left me with an attentionseeking complex.
Of course, it was Anonymous Coward who made the accusation.
I wonder who that AC was, hmm?
Tell me something, Anya.
Have you ever posted as an AC?
That stains of guilt are scarlet on your hands!
That=The in case you didn't know
I thought you wanted to encourage them
I still have never seen compugeek.
eh, annoying
Anya, what happens when the crapflooders finally turn their energy to k5?
What will happen?
Will the admins be able to delete and ban IPs fast enough?
That's true.
They lack the spirit to fight on when the battle is hopeless
Now, if there were scottish crapflooders.
our find scottish bretheren would never give up the fight!
I think I remember him
He gave up!
again?
When was the last time?
Oh yeah.
What did you end up calling me, again?
utter nutter or something
That was funny.
There are only so many ways you can put fuck together with stuff.
eek, cp, stop!
btw, is that the sort of helmet you want the girl to steal?
or is it you that's supposed to steal it?
I'm confused
And I'm the nutter?
It sucks ass, BlueBear
poofter
That's the impression I got
There's no way in hell I'm going to click through to find out what turns a 10 year old on
If you rip Jin off, I will mess you up so FUCKING bad, they'll never identify you!
Anya, oh, that's right
Never mind
But, that's not true
I'm in love with a sweet li'l 'merican girl
I can't LIE
I am not.
I'm honest.
Well, I only tell beautiful shiny lies!
I'd have to work up to it
It wouldn't be any good if I just came out
I'd need to start posting admiring replies to all his stuff
Anya, I'm just starting to gain back a tiny bit of respect!
I'm just a toy to you 
Anyway, I'm losing crediblity.
The popular conception is that I'm basically mad
I may.
It is a good idea.
UIDs don't matter so much on kg
hi, back
It's the secret troll sid, foo'
You can always edit it.
Just replace comments.
pl with edit.
Just don't let the neighbor catch you
Anya is 1337, though
She'll manage
Is slashdot sid a euphamism for gay porn video?
I figured.
It's okay, Anya.
We love you.
him is a reference to me, huh?
Anya, help!
em is squelching me!
Anya, you always let me down when I need you most.
em, sir, you have affronted my honor, and we must dual sic.
mode/#trolls b qpt!
by em | <em> sure'
em, sir, you have affronted my honor, and we must dual sic.
mode/#trolls b qpt!
by em | <em> sure'
Oh, that low?
I'll keep an eye on it.
Thanks.
You're a nutter
Hey, Anya!
I had a frightening experience in #k5 today 
I was, briefly, on the access list.
Yeah, a couple of the ops want me on, but a couple of 'em don't.
Inoshiro is waffling
Gandalf was livid, and stormed out
Well, several people were
Yes, of course.
Let me grab 'em.
Anyway, let me tell you the scary part.
As soon as I was on that list, and typed /msg chanserv op blah blah, I could feel myself change
It was like cold claws gripping into my brain
I suddenly wanted to babble about configuring gtk
Don't you understand?
This is how they get the really bad ones!
They put them on the access list!
Exactly
For now, I'm off, but I don't know about the future.
The logs are too long to paste.
I have your email, I believe, yes
baste_puffer, why are you so interested?
Okay, it's really very long, and there's a lot in there that has nothing to do with anything.
Vlad, fuck you
woohoo!
Anya, the best part for me was when vsync was arguing that all my antics on k5 didn't mean I'd make a bad op
Mornin'
hi, all
Hullo, Anya!
msg Anya no thanks, I don't want to cyber right now.
maybe later
That story of shoeboy's is old, but I like it
Why k5, though, and why now?
It's doomed, I fear 
Anya, I need a good issue
See, cb, nobody cares about that
cp, even
Who does care?
You're right, of course
I've got it!
Anya, I've decided the topic of my next k5 story.
Well, it's top secret atm
snacky, you just like tentacle rape.
pervert
By the way, you are welcome in #geekizoid
Come on in
actually, it's #geekizoid!
with the !
and yes, you can have o
snacky was kicked by qpt pow!
You'll die if it complies.
I've been busy.
Gee, I know.
I shouldn't have wasted all those wonderful hours with my girl when I could've been writing a story
Are you serious?
I want to know if I should be laughing with you or at you.
Anya, we made out to the point of exhaustion.
If trolling could provide that sort of feeling, I might listen to you ;
I've been editing, and it's looking good
section?
culture/culture?
or k5/culture to help the denser members of the community
Also, I need a title
Hot Grits A Fairy Tale
That's going to pick it up a lot of 1's
Yeah, it's better as a surprise anyway
dammit
Can't they write a perl script that comes up with titles?
I think I'm just going to go with A Fairy Tale
One more thing.
A poll
What's for dinner?
Hot Grits
there it goes.
She didn't give anyone much time to reply
Hello, Anya
Yes, it is a little disappointing how soon it's going down
However, it's it's fun that rusty has become my fan
hush you.
it was perfectly obvious all along that I was clever and productive
why, thankyou!
I'll buy you wendy's
Thank you also, Jelerial.
I'll send you nude pictures of zikzak for your site
zikzak, the human body is beautiful
That part is shown all the time, anyway
How old are you?
That isn't very old
I will be fairly bald at 29 also
Time to get a new body
You need a living body, that you can take over
Well, you'll need the body you want to inhabit, and three virgin girls
You can inhabit any body you want, but in adition to that body, you need 3 virgin girls.
Anya wouldn't know what to do with 1 nubile virgin, let alone 3
That sounds like Anya
Women don't like nice
Actually, most women seem to like nice, but not too nice
Oh, so you're a boor
That goes over really well with the ladies.
zikzak, you know that isn't true
Poor zikzak
I'm going for a bit
Anya, don't let my story die while I'm gone
And tell me what the fuck I'm supposed to do.
Yeah, a voodoo3 takes no drivers 
We know, Anya.
we've all known for a while
plz no rev ur tung is gr8 liek it is!
was all the rage
rusty saved my story
hi, lb
get dsl
I fear hate mongering
I also fear being alone 
Heya, zikzak
You did
What's up?
There is something more irritating
Doing it with ants in your pants
zikzak, this is painful
I want to flame each and every idiot who posted in my story, but I know that isn't the best thing
I can't let them know that they can get under my skin.
It amuses me also
All thanks to rusty
What would rusty do
It's the kurobot mantra
What's that, rusty?
It's doing great, as I see it.
The best that can be hoped is that it makes it to 550 votes.
_Delirium, you're a great k5er.
Keep it up.
I wish I would've know that before I wrote it, or I would've tried harder to write a story that would get posted
I can't rate the comment down, or it would look weird.
I've never been clear on the difference
Yeah, that seems straightforward
You'd better go over and check
See what's going on
Maybe grab something to drink
Why not?
You know you long for human contact
Especially hand on tit contact with a cute chick
zikzak, try a real girl.
just once
Yes, that is a danger.
You just have to shower after contact.
Did you?
You hate pussy, eh?
You don't actually have a blowup doll
Can you afford a real doll?
eh, sure
When was the last time you had a girl?
Well, yeah
I'll be the judge of that
Well, true, that is boring.
January of 1994 would've been fucking hilarious
Because, Vlad, GZ is shit.
Yeah, you should.
That would be awesome
I went to metafilter once, but then got scared, and hit back a few times
rusty you could submit a story to gz about metafilter, asking for an army of crapflooders
efeces.
em found it
have fun
humbug
What's up?
rusty saved it
It has 298 votes, for a score 5.
Can't say I blame him, but it was a fun streak while it lasted
More importantly, what's linux?
It wasn't me
Oh, Vlad, I'm glad your here
In answer to your question in my story when GZ stops being the gay reststop men's room of the weblog scene.
I really can't take credit for that line, though.
It was rusty.
rusty loves us.
I don't know about you ;
thanks, kip
I will, when it gets around 500 votes
But it won't make the FP.
Don't you have any tricks left up your sleeve, kip?
I don't think that a story posted that way can make DP
FP, I mean
Vlad, I think you should have your fecesencrusted minions attack k5 to exact vengeance for rusty's insult.
How about a story, Crapflood this story  Could have an interesting twist to it
I figured you were their god or something
Like in Lord of the Flies
Except it's really nothing at all like Lord of the Flies
zikzak, how was your walk?
How many minutes?
err, forget it
I got another 1 FP from Jin.
She so wants me
I can!
I have not.
What's it 'bout?
It looks sucky
Oh, you want me to do the same with Jin?
What if I wrote a story about a college student kidnapping a self absorbed artsy girl, submitted it to k5, and in an editorial said that it was an analogy for free software's struggle
Well, she lives in Texas.
If I wasn't allowed within 500 yards of her, it wouldn't be a hardship.
Anya, if you had to guess, what would you say the diameter of the earth is?
In miles
No, it's about what Vlad says.
Now, does it seem reasonable that the distance from Seattle to Texas is 1/3 of the way around the fuckin' planet?
A bit odd in school?
As opposed to now?
Okay, now you're trying to be dumb
And the moon is made of green cheese
Oh, I'm being stupid?
Yeah, I'm in Virginia
Atlanta
No, not that Atlanta, silly
It's a little tiny thing
Anya already knows
No, I'm in Seattle
Which is not in Virginia
Anya, if russia and the usa were both 12000 miles from coast to coast, and the earth was 24000 around, where the fuck would everything else be?
A line is 1 dimensional, genius
a point is nondimensional
I know you're not stupid, Anya
Britain is basically 2 dimensional, but only in noneuclidian space
Anyway, if you're curious about facts, the US has about 40 times the land area of the UK
It says here that the planet is 70% water, 20% land, and 15% pepsi
Now, please, how is any of this going to help me bag Jin?
Britain isn't a rectangle
Will that cause her to jump in bed with me?
Why am I asking Anya for love advice?
She has all the sex appeal of herpes.
There's something fun about splitting the vote like this
I thought the thc had unlimited power
It should be easy to snag a billboard
Anya, how big is your town?
And it has 1 billboard?
There's a huge pink elephant in this town.
Or maybe it's a pig
Anyway, it's right accross the street from a strip club
The strip club claims to have hundreds of beautiful girls and three ugly ones
I've never checked
What exactly is the question, zikzak?
I didn't think so
zikzak, probably
What's a slapper?
merican girls are sweet and wholesome.
And mostly overweight \
It's going to do it, Anya.
It's going to get 139 votes and make the front page
Hi, folks
Hmm, I wonder when k5 is going to realize that shoeboy likes being abused
I hoping that they won't either, but they can't be that dense
Somebody called me a is to look through the eyes of a dillisiuniod, naive, bitter, intelligent.
I pasted badly.
Sorry.
I'm a dillisiuniod, naive, bitter, intelligent kid?
No, livewire, there aren't
But what do I know?
I'm dillisiuniod!
Yeah, somebody called me dillisiuniod
Anya, actually I'm quite shallow and just say and do the first thing that comes to mind.
livewire yes
Well, then I suppose it's over for me!
But I think it's best to just be honest with myself, you know?
I ain't pickin' on nobody!
It sounds like Anya has a crush
lb I would venture that he was not
Well, livewire, considering that I am female, it would not be absurd to claim such
Well, 2.
Plus, lb is effeminate to the point of being practically female
Unfortunately, Jin is not 
A lesbian, that is
Although, she does seem to be curious.
That's boring
Is there an animal that you find at all attractive?
And lb, I know you're very manly.
I was merely trying to prove a point to what's his name
Aww, I'm sorry
we as in?
We can't kick every wanker in here, or truth be told, the channel would be permenantly empty
Why do you want in here so badly, anyway?
make sweet sweet love to a coworking
A pity.
I like female nipples.
They're cute.
They are not cute.
Well, my girl has cute nipples, at least in my opinion
Jelerial, you let me know when hell freezes over, and I'll get those pics right back to you
Somebody tried to write a sequel to my story, Anya
It's not a proper sequel.
They just stole my title.
I didn't read it.
Is it worth the bother?
Someobody within the last few days signed my quantum_pixie account up for some email pr0n.
I wish Jin wicked would email me pr0n
Anya, help
You're better at this than I
Explain why Jin porn would be different than porn of some anonymous chick
Fuck, girl, that sounded like a used car ad
porforge has money?
Well, 1?
No, Jin would get more
Where are we going to get $50?
Ask her if she can put her feet behind her head.
Hullo, OriginalGTT
You could nurture livewire_
livewire_, clean PlatinumDragon up
I do too.
Thankyou
We shall
lb, you turned 21 on the 3rd?
I beat you by a day
suck it down!
Yeah, apparently 9 months before now is prime breeding time
Did TheReverand say anything in 1999?
Ever since I started writing for k5, I've completely lost sight of what it even means to troll.
They confuse the issue so thouroughly
Thank you
Which is why it's all the way up to 37!
Heidi is gone, back to California.
Or will be in a few days.
No, I'm not going anywhere
I mean, is the story true
And why only diary?
I have come to accept queue death, shoeboy.
550 people have to vote before it dies.
that's quite a few.
Of course, most of them vote several times
Which makes the fiasco about kip's accounts all the more amusing
Hi, Sylvain
I don't know.
sorting porn is hard
fuck, what happened to the queue?
That sucks ass.
They broke the queue!
Anya Idea.
A Fairy Tale The Director's Cut.
New scenes too hot to include in the original release, plus a brand new ending!
That would be the title, by the way
That's the danger.
No, I won't want to be stale.
The added scenese would either be absurd, or totally change meaning.
scenes
You're probably right.
It just popped into my head, so I typed it in the channel 
I'm kinda impulsive sometimes
This new queue sucks, though.
My stories will disappear faster.
Rusty likes me, Jelerial
You do rock!
It's unacceptable to have no qpt story in the queue, but I'm feeling pretty dry
Mentally dry, you oversexed halfwit
Don't be childish just because you aren't getting any
Although, sex would be a good thing to write about, considering the audience
Right now?
i am a virgin
Oh, you were speaking in britishisms
k5 doesn't discriminate against celibates
Anya, but there's no foundation at all to that.
Plus, I've gone straight and only speak the truth
Ooh, I have an idea for something edgy, but hard to write
A short story paralleling a girl's first experience being in hardcore porn and a guy's first experience consuming it.
Written in such a way as to make the guy sound like a rapist!
Because it was people like him who forced her into porn
Go on, I'm listening.
How does k5 discriminate against celibates
I'd rather not.
Good for them!
It's healthy!
I see your point, but let me explain my idea better.
Starring A 17 year old trailertrash highschool dropout girl, and a 14 year old upper class boy from a christian family.
The story goes back and forth between her being forced by her situation into posing in porn and he being forced by his hormones into consuming it
The story then climaxes with both losing a bit of their humanity as he metaphorically rapes her
Through porn
The end will be written as a rape scene, except they're in different places, and he's alone.
It should be a quite disconcerting effect.
How graphic do you think I can be before it really start suffering for it?
Hmm, that's a thought, but I hadn't intended for them to actually meet at all, except inderectly, when at the end he looks past her hurt and frightened eyes and masturbates to the sight of her bruised and spread on the bed.
Inoshiro is going to hate it
Jelerial, you're 'merican, right?
I need a good name for a 17 year old trailertrash dropout
I like Chloe, but it doesn't sound trailertrash, does it?
Matters no, Chloe it is
Hmm, that's true.
Cynthia is good
Trailer trash.
it's important that she's poor and they boy is rich
She'll use linux, and the boy will use Windows!
eek, what am I saying
Naming all the girls you tried to lay but couldn't?
What's Jin_Wicked's name?
I thought we knew
She moves a lot
She used to live in Minneapolis
Her name is N/A?
Maybe.
Jenny Swanson
And I'll use my real name, Angus McLeod
Sure is
I'm just messing with you
My name is not Angus McLeod
Anyway, you know what my name is
I like the version that kicks vlad
great!
hahahaha!
I love that
That's discrimination
Anya, want to rape him before he pulls himself back together?
What's it written in?
You can't read php?
You're meil addie?
That sounds nazi
Hey everyone.
I bet you're idling, though.
Bastards.
I'm working on my next k5 sub, but it's not coming well
I need to get one voted to the front page, so I can stop feeling so wretched about myself.
_Delirium, you've been trolled!
I'm writing a story about porn
That isn't what it stands for
It doesn't stand for anything
This post has been brought to you by the letters q, p, and t.
My name is Quintin
I'm reading GZ \
Anya, you're two hours from Prague?
raverporn.
net made spelling mistakes in their fake reviews of themself.
That's pretty shoddy, if you ask me
Well, if you're going to throw tautologies at me, I'm going to have to give up.
Don't give me that implication crap.
Exactly!
They go to school for the sole purpose of tricking us common folk.
Most of them are vegetarian, teetotaling feminists, too.
Every once in a while, the crapflooders actually make me laugh.
unless cp is hiding something from us
I'll turn you into an eleven hole punch if you don't settle down
Anya, what did you do to provoke shoeboy so?
Did you see his newest story?
You should look at it.
My story is not coming at all
You were trolled
YUO=TROLBAIT   HAHAHA!
I've given up on that commentposting shit
Who needs that
I just get modded to 0, regardless of what I say
LAT deserves to be set on fire.
Well, cripes, everyone except me really is an author 
Not a chance
I'm boycotting
I'm boycotting GZ 'til Vlad gets his act together.
No, as soon as Vlad quits being a goddamn stupid fucking wanker, I'll be right back
Anya, that would be really low.
If you're going to do that, I'll drop the boycott P
k5 is gold, fool
You're going to get me kicked
Inoshiro kicked me for that, you fool!
damn you
Anya, you goddamn shithole!
I hate you!
I'm going to tell Ino
Or you do it
Get me unbanned
You just destroyed mine!
Hey, don't argue with me.
I have the upper hand
1515 <Anya> insult me one more time
1515 <Anya> so I can part the channel
oops, I pasted in the wrong window
Anya, get me unbanned, now
Well, either you can destroy your character or I can.
Who do you think is going to be more gentle about it?
I'm not interested in placing blame
Actually, no, I don't want to.
I want to be unbanned
shoeboy, you could sit there analyze it in hindsight 'til your ass turned numb, but that wouldn't change anything
hi vlad
You'd better watch out.
Kevin is a bot, and I think it's gunning for you
Jelerial, what do you think about sex with Vlad?
Oh, nothing, it's just that when he said that he was getting laid, I got a bad feeling.
Everyone on the internet is either a bot or KTB.
He gets really lonely, obviously
Anya, what's up?
Have you completed your task?
That is so like the Scots
Actually, that's more like the Irish
I'm sure you could.
Don't worry 'bout it
Hey, lush
What's up?
Anya is the lush
Really?
I'm not sure when I last heard the word used.
Why exactly are you binging, Anya?
What's the european attitude?
When you're feeling down, drink it all day?
lb without it, their country would be unbearable
The only way they can maintain such a fantasy is by drinking a massive amount
Yeah, kip's got it in a bad way.
Do they drink before or after they vote?
What an unfortunate people.
Isn't their some way we can help those poor UKians and their alcohol addiction?
Well, Anya, how would you describe scotland?
A dark land, stalked by drunken homosexuals?
I wonder if Anya ever gets soused and makes it with a guy.
Like your lover's penis?
Jelerial, he's going to be really ashamed if he ever sobers up.
England is bigger than scotland, you twit
It's 60% the size of England
Scotland 78,772 sq km
England 130,365 sq km
Yes, England
Darling Anya,  78,772/130,365 = .
It's a lot closer to 60% than 75%, though.
If Scotland were a square, it would be 280 km to a side.
That's not very big.
He knows that you're a drunken troll
You're no more a woman than a heterosexual, you gay drunken scotsman you
ITS AGAINST THE LAW
Jelerial, I think you should get the Bush girls for pornforge
I found it amusing that Inoshiro the selfprofessed hater of all things troll would himself fall back on an old crapflooder's trick.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
No, Jelerial, lesbian sex is disgusting.
In fact, a woman with no cock shoved down her throat is an abomination
Women should perpetually have some cock our other shoved down their throat
lb, excellent idea
Who want some nappy vagina?
I have only one use for women, and that's to shove my cock down their throat.
If she wants to feel love and emotion while gagging on my cock, so be it
Yes, I often that a good idea too, lb.
You can't risk the chance that they might enjoy choking on your cock.
A good beating beforehand will often help.
Now you're sounding like shoeboy, and that's disgraceful
To sound like shoeboy?
I'd have to say yes
Yes, Anya.
maybe more than one
Why, lb, I'm glad you asked.
I tell them that love them, throatrape them, cum all over their face, then beat them and laugh.
Then I leave.
No, talking about throatraping, lush
Love is overrated
I don't pity you, Anya.
I just laugh at you.
lb, that can be difficult, though.
They tend to pass out or die before one can ever start fucking.
Skullfucking just isn't worth the bother if you can't see that priceless look in her eyes.
momocrome, just which side are you on, anyway?
Well, it's good to know you're one of the enemy, momocrome.
Yes, lb?
Accidently  How did this happen?
you've got to watch for that
I hope you taught her a lesson, though.
This isn't sounding like a series of accidents at all.
Admit it, you allowed her to come to orgasm!
You, sir, are a vile disgrace too manhood.
You must do penance to redeem yourself, nonetheless
I think raping three underage virgin girls would be adequate, lb
Whatever for?
They were only females, Anya.
Whenever I've hurt actual people, I've taken responsibility and paid my due.
lb, I think you're right, but I think that Anya could live through an ass reaming.
Is he just too afraid?
Well, Anya, I would encourage you to go get your ass reamed in some hot gay sex.
Now, I've never tried it, so I can't tell you exactly what it's like, but plenty of people do and they're.
well, they're fucked up.
But still.
hiv is overrated, anyway
Did Anya slide under the desk?
Why not have a drink, Anya?
I'm sure Jelerial could tell you what it's like to take it up the ass, Anya
trhurler
umm, I don't know how to receive it 
It said unable to connect
momocrome mirc
momocrome yes.
momocrome there's no such option
email it to quantum_pixie@hotmail.
com, if you like
Even beter
better
Heya, kip.
Still soused?
momocrome I like it!
momocrome, I think it's great like it is.
I don't know what Katz would think, though
cp, is it going to be incorporated into the k5 FAQ?
I think it would be awesome if the k5 faq said how to troll k5
momocrome, did you see Inoshiro's troll?
Well, it was really more of a crapflood
No, it was yesterday
Still, it's funny that he of all people would do it
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I couldn't help myself
Howdy, Anya
Hi Anya, spiralx
You were comical yesterday, Anya
Yes, really.
All of the UK was drunk
what's up?
issues?
impossible!
Computers and alcohol don't mix well
Are there any?
Yeah, you don't want me to see it!
I'll email you!
qpt@spu.
You can have anya@spu.
edu if you like
sok, I was just being polite.
I could give it to you, but I wouldn't.
momocrome, it's not mine
Pounds?
Pounds of what?
I don't think you can buy an .
I think you actually have to be an .
Lots of community colleges can't even get one
So, Anya, do you have good news for me?
Sounds like a plan
Why, thankyou!
Anya, I don't think I say fucken
Oh, more than likely.
spiralx is a drugaddled ukian.
Was that the reason?
That flame was classic Taco
He started out by saying that he had no idea who vlad was, then went on to list all the things vlad had done.
It was awesome.
There should be some commemoration of the anniversary
It was advertised everywhere for a few weeks
Everyone had the sid in their sig or were just crapflooding the url
Well, are you going to be in Atlanta?
I think Taco would make a good interview
5000 vs.
Which side won?
Anya, we need to do something.
Your article about losing your trolling spirit was badly timed.
We need to inspire the crapflooders to troll.
Not discourage them
I'm not sure.
motherfucking spork already is a troll, under a different name
They need a role model.
No, Anya, they already are trying to compete with each other, but they just degenerate to flames
We need to take 'em by the scruff of the neck and point 'em at the stars
And who is the most inspiring troll of our generation?
Most definitely
But neither is very visible right now
jsm is visible on k5
Reading jsm's k5 stuff will teach you a lot about the proper way to raise hell
Would he do it?
That's true, we need a way to force quality questions
I know how to get quality posts!
Let's dispose of the current readership and hire some insane homeless folk to post.
The quality would go WAY up
Hey, it's friday
I need to write a story   I always write a story on Friday
Nobody told me either, momocrome.
momocrome name a largish city that's kinda sleazy
sleazy in a straight way, plz
Hey, that works.
jeez, timothy looks like a dork
Anya, your lady love was here, and you said nothing!
So when do I get to post stories!
wtf is up wif my punkshuashin!
ekselent
I had an idea.
I will post links to offbeat news stories of the sort that would appeal to crapflooders, then add witty commentary of my own and invite discussion
Why don't the sporks and cyborg_monkey get tired of flaming each other?
I tried to type penniless and it came out penisless  
im gay 
This is torture 
Trying to write this fucking story
The porn=rape one
Too much.
I'm so distracted 
MY LUV!
And I you
Writing a story
It is not coming well
No, I'm having trouble writing at all.
I WANT MY GIRL RIGHT NOW GODDAMN IT YOU BASTARD MOTHERFUCKERS!
She's at work
Anya, don't be absurd.
I would never throatrape my girl
I don't know where you get such disgusting ideas.
iGrrrl is a troll
I will be trusted soon
What about the HAHAHAHAHAAHA!
em should be able to say goat in peace
I could be the new bot!
Reductio ad Absurdam Diaries
By SIGFPE
Fri Jun 8th, 2001 at 062350 PM EST
Don't you just hate it when you try to use a reductio argument but the person you're arguing with thinks that when you conclude B from A you were in fact trying to prove B rather than disprove A?
I could get into this
Oh, Anya, guess what!
It was shameful.
I'm the newest /.
editor!
For real.
Do you not speak english?
Submit a story, punk.
I will
But I don't want to write it
So write it yourself and submit it
Jelerial, be reasonable
Why on earth would the words Lover's and Arrival appear in a /.
story?
Today witnesses the arrival of a Linux lover's wet dream
There, I did it myself
You're not supposed to hyphenate it like that, you illiterate twit
Except I don't mean hyphenate
I mean.
apostriphize, which em is about to tell me is not a word
lb> god is perfecthahahah
Hold your horses, Jelerial.
maybe he's a perfect fuckup?
maybe he's just trying to make it really hard, so only the devoted will discover the truth
maybe god is an insane crackmonkey
maybe god forgot all about us billions of years ago
Maybe Islam is 100% correct, and we're all utter idiots for not adhering to it.
Maybe lb is god
I'm older than god
by a day
what you say!
I'm shelving that story for now!
I will finish it if I ever feel like it.
Don't look at me like that
Jelerial, it's hard!
I'm talking about my k5 story, you twit
slashdot is retarded.
I'll head over there when I feel like something retarded
Slashdot is retarded!
Now, you sir are no /.
editor.
Fuck you!
I have the henchfags to prove it.
All the editors have henchfags
Women.
You've got to explain the most simple things to them.
Do you know what a henchman is?
How about a fag?
There you go.
I'm no fag.
Sorry, Jelerial, my browser crashes when I load a page with so many little pulldown thingies
jeez, don't kick me when I'm not paying attention
Anya, I need some names
I took a nap
Then my girl came over
And we thrashed about for a bit
Then she had to go
So here I am!
Jelerial, yes
Anya, what did I say I'd do?
Well, I do not recall, unfortunately.
Hullo, zikzak!
Jin wicked posted a bunch to the queue an hour or so ago.
Why didn't I have my story up!
Well, 2 that I see so far
Yes, I mean comments
Geekizoid is going to turn around
jraxis was associated with WIPO
Can't recall how
Where is the site that you quoted about Vlad?
it's t
zikzak, we're going to turn GZ into something that will be admired, emulated, but never duplicated forever.
When we're all being interviewed by famous magizines and such, you'll wish you had stayed on the bandwagon
zikzak, do you realize how much pussy we're going to get!
Several billion times as much as none!
It will be, for sure.
GZ editors will be considered the sexiest people on the planet.
We will be kings!
When we sell out, they will parcel out the entire universe between us!
zikzak, we're playing a game.
It's a bit like madlibs.
What is an exceptionally wholesome area of the US
thanks!
That's too long, Jelerial
I want olson twins porn now!
Who is that?
Anya, have you seen an xray photograph?
Jelerial, can you have mary k eat ashley out?
The other way just seems.
I dunno.
Wrong.
Email the webmaster
Anya, I'm going to win the GZ trolling contest
I want my girl back!
umm, yes
My girl left for a few hours, and I miss her 
Anya, stop being vile.
Zikzak, likewise
You won't
So you'll crapflood all of spu saying that qpt was talking about throatraping?
um, okay
zikzak, quit right
What was that?
jeeze, has it still not gotten through your thick skull?
We had to have a public falling out so I could support your every move in secret without being suspected
I never hated you.
Now don't be a blasted fool about it
Now, BlueBear is actually working for the other side
The plan is to crush us beneath a load of childish inanity
I need a name of a porn producer
That isn't going to work.
Herbert PagetPaget just sounds bizarre, not sleazy
This is in Los Angelas
And I don't even need the last name.
Just Herbert doesn't sound very porn
This isn't a story about hp2!
I need a first name that will immediately sound sleazy so I don't have to waste space explaining!
You know how they dislike long articles
Now there's a name
And about the fucking, I thought you'd never ask, sweetcheeks
You watch soap operas?
Sure you don't
63 of them are me 
I'm sorry
Don't be absurd
Internet porn needs to improve.
So far, they only have imagery, and only in 2 dimensions.
It needs to be improved so it incorporates the taste, smell, and feel of the women, too!
You think Internet porn will evolve to the point where it asks you to commit felonies?
goat is pinging out as we speak
Did you fix the code?
What's it written in?
Well, gee.
Isn't that Something Hypertext Preprocessor?
It is.
You should use Pearl.
It is the scripting language of kings.
I should port goaty to c
Ah, that could be troublesome.
We'll see how bored I get this summer.
Name of the main maile character's friend who introduces him to porn
I was thinking Barry
I wasn't going to
Are you out of your mind!
The story takes place in Alabany NY.
I would be surprised if there is one person there name Hamish
Extraneous details.
gotta stay focused
Angus MacGangFuck
James, the drugaddled friend
Yes, it works well
Are you sure there can be no Barry at all?
Then you can also think about the main guy's name
Grant is good
Do you need a drink?
You seem tense
Who is that from?
Is my editor around?
Anya, get back here!
Well, just the usual drill.
I have a rough.
Want to read it?
I'll write a script to sort the images!
pf needs a new catagory.
throatrape
oh no!
Any other editorial type mistakes?
The poll
Who are you?
Cynthia
Well, how 'bout a dead pool?
How long 'til it goes under?
I think it came out rather well.
It speaks broadly to the human condition!
I'm nitpicking.
Restructering sentences to make them flow better, etc.
What does that have to do with Grant?
grant and cynthia have never met.
That is the point
Hmm, good point.
If I mention that Grant always lived in albany and Cynthia always lived in Lodi, will that work?
haha, you drunkard!
Hmm, I suppose I need a title too
Smile!
I said it out of jest, but it actually works
smile for the camera and all
combined with the end
yes, it works
I put it in culture oped
It's there
First, and only, 1.
Thanks!
I can't believe GZ is running meta articles now
Just deadbeef, and he votes down everything I post.
I posted the fairy tale in a busy time of day, and it got 4 or 5 down votes faster than anyone could have possibly read it
You're not John Milton?
Gold always votes me down too.
I have no idea who that fucker is.
I've never seen him post anything anywhere, but he always votes me down.
Yeah, it should be obvious that Totally gay is a  mod and Not gay enough is a  one
My browser doesn't have ads
damn, #k5 holds a grudge
Anya, should I get involved and actually answer some of these damn questions for once?
My browser just lets you pick blank as your homepage
It's nice.
It loads quick
WARNING^^^GOATSE.
sluttish
really
You're a bunch of sluttish lushes, Anya!
Hi, Vlad.
I think we should all move over to msn chat.
I'm serious!
It's all colorful, and has little icons!
I'm going to go make a trolls room in msn chat anyway, so there
Do you want to come on over to my msn chat room?
I wasn't asking you, lush
All decent OS's support Java
You do, though.
You need Java for msn chat.
You're scared
Admit it
You're afraid of msn chat!
How would you know?
my girl is here
eek, it's empty
ah, thank you
That was phunbalanced
Oh, he was refering to my k5 story
Yes, it it
Aww, Anya, you seem to be having trouble
My story is going down like $3 crackwhore
I hates xriso
He always votes me down 
And theboz, for rating it 3.
geeze, anything is permissible when done to a troll
I like how many none of the above votes the poll has.
Right.
Why would someone vote my stuff down without reading it?
Hooray!
Maybe you can work in the fact that Keslin is ugly as sin?
So I see.
I think keslin is a good argument for the gayness of k5
I mean, honestly, she looks like a guy
Ooh, she wants you
Who writes this stuff?
I think you wrote them all
That would be so like you ;
Yeah, I guess that's true.
You don't need to feed your trolls
I don't get many replies or debate!
I don't go to /.
much anymore.
And in k5 I'm too wrapped up in trying for genre defying inflamation, that it often doesn't work very well.
I'm highly experimental and cutting edge!
The whole scene is too full of ridiculous intellectual argument trolls.
Unfortunately, not much else seems to work.
Slashdot is constrained by the topic, though.
Yes, but it goes straight to 1 and then only the crapflooders see it.
Yes, and I enjoy just writing whatever I want, and making hundreds of people vote on it 
It's liberating to not have to worry about a topic or moderation or anything else
Anya, have you happened to read my diary?
If not.
don't read it yet.
Hi, Anya.
I won't.
And I didn't breathe a word to anyone
In the queue?
I gave it 3
Anya, did you ever try to correct Inoshiro?
And got be rebanned?
Gee, thanks, fuckwad
ah, that works
Well, that's.
the truth
What an odd thing for you to do.
tell the truth
So who told him anyway?
My money is on _Delirium.
If he asks me, I'll say Look, I can't talk about this.
Leave me alone.
I don't want to end up at the bottom of the Thames wearing concrete shoes.
You don't sound like a junkie or a dealer, though.
No, apparently it wasn't you this time.
You are a known spy, though.
If you've forgotten, I'm not going to tell you.
Didn't you see my diary, Anya?
I'm liked.
The important person?
You know, _Delirium, English is a European language.
And where, pray tell, is Britain located?
A place isn't properly overseas if one can take a train to said place.
_Delirium, that's disgusting.
God wants your cat to join the ministry, and it is your responsibility to serve it in its spiritual journey?
God wants you to convince your cat to stop killing birds, but without resorting to force or punative measures?
A watched story is never posted.
I'll vote it up a few more times.
Oops, I voted it down.
Forgive me.
Uhoh, I voted it down again.
How odd!
I slipped yet another time!
Some guy suggested that I participate in the discussion for three months before posting a story.
Of course it got voted down.
It said qpt at the top!
I am notorious!
MUAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH!
So you're in Quebec looking for pussy and advertising on k5?
I can't.
I'm a onetrick pony.
I insult k5, and that's it.
I had to change it into an insult of k5, but it's posted
Whatever for?
I don't speak french.
I'm going to be trusted soon.
I will
Evolution is fact, foo'
Anya, those go away!
To establish trust or mistrust, only a certain number of past posts are considered.
Basically, and account can live anything down.
Anya, I am going to write a serious article on a nonmeta topic, without employing irony or sarcasm
I don't like that you said that.
I don't know.
I know I should, but I'm no good at it!
I don't know anything about anything!
No, you have to know about something in order to write incorrectly but convincingly about it
Anya, you need to know something about it, or you don't even have the terminology to talk about it intelligently
You know what bothers me more than perhaps anything about k5?
Missing the forest, so to speak
Anya was trying to cheat her way to the front page, and thus was not around when her story made the front page
Two page hits for the price of one
HAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA!
God damn it!
Who is sirthinksalot?
His story is so absurdly idiotic, I figured he would be known to us.
I tried to reply, but I just couldn't.
It's good to be a troll!
cept for the bit about being broadly hated.
Especially by women.
Anya, you haven't sent that email yet
To my girl
Can you paste?
Personally, _Delirium, I cannot comprehend why, short of a religious conviction that such actions would send one to hell, anyone passes up the opportunity to kick you in the groin.
When did you receive this email?
Time stamp?
That's 8am Pacific
Odd that she would be up so early, considering that I had kept her up 'til 330am that same day.
Oh, obviously
No, Anya, what is plain is that you did not send the email.
No, I'm accusing you of making a mistake.
Perhaps you thought you sent and email to my girl, and perhaps you even thought that you got a reply, but you were mistaken on both counts.
If you really wish to email her, the address is alayne@spu.
My name is Martin.
Now go ahead.
Hi, alayne
What did I do?
How odd
By the way, my girlfriend's email address isn't alayne@spu.
edu, so don't expect to do anything besides make a mighty fool of yourself by emailing it.
You needn't tell Anya, though.
Really?
Why would I make her up?
First, baby!
moshez sounds to paranoid to be real
I had an idea, but it's not very fleshed out.
No no no
I want to do something for moshez, just to show I care.
I'm not sure what, though.
What's lastvote?
I know it was lowered.
and that really sucks
Anya, you're mad
Exactly!
And since nothing I write is going to get the FP, it sucks!
cp, section is worse than hanging out in the queue
Once an article goes to section, nobody reads it
I'm not going to change my style Anya.
My style is me!
Anya, I am an amazingly apathetic individual.
Meta has a special place in my heart, though.
It's so fun mocking the people you're writing to!
what color?
I think she's mad
Anya, I'll change back, if you get off it.
I don't think I have it registered
heh ok
Now I do
I feel smaller
And symetrical, again
This will be my new k5 nick
Nobody will recognize me
And a naked woman is the highest, yes
But I cannot have a naked woman as my nick
zikzak, if I catch you cutting naked women open, I'm going to kick your fuckin' ass
I don't give a fuck.
I just want to hurt you.
Right.
We'll meet at Wendy's
After I'm through with you, you won't be able to chew, so sure.
We'd best watch out.
We'll offend Anya with our violent 'merican nature.
Vlad couldn't teach a kleptomaniac to steal
You don't want to touch Vlad?
Scared that it's contagious, aren't you.
Everything that can exist, does.
You can't keep the yawns down, man.
twas a long day, and the article is no more than a whisper in my mind
To be frank, I don't understand its appeal.
Of course, I know little and care less about European politics.
I am of the opinion that the US should nuke the EU while it can.
Not as many.
Unless they picked up all the ones that disappeared from the USSR when it fell apart.
Europe, though, would just be a solid fused mass of obsidian.
And you know what?
Even with that kind of head start, Africa still wouldn't be able to become a world power.
shoeboy made front page
I'm such a failure 
I will not get a new account.
That's giving up, and we scots never give up.
Anya, I'm exhausted.
I had an idea, and I think I told it to you.
Now what was it?
that's right
goaty, stop that!
yeah, if you're into ugly chicks
Here's what I see  Problem executing SQL query SELECT images.
filename, directories.
name, images.
id FROM images INNER JOIN directories ON images.
directoryid = directories.
id WHERE images.
id = 1846 AND images.
approved = Y SQL says ERROR Attribute 'Y' not found Fatal database error
I wanna see!
thank you!
Problem executing SQL query SELECT images.
filename, directories.
name, images.
id FROM images INNER JOIN directories ON images.
directoryid = directories.
id WHERE images.
id = 68 AND images.
approved = Y SQL says ERROR Attribute 'Y' not found Fatal database error
I am, yes
kip is powermad
lb, yes, of course
Why is Vlad angry?
Everyone?
From where?
lb, that was awful 
Give poor Vlad a voice
Since when has drdink needed a reason to ban someone?
Inoshiro will ban for the silliest things also, like calling someone a.
what did I call you, Anya?
Oh yeah, I called you a fat ugly feminazi fuck
No, Anya
And I got banned for it
lb and Vladin8tr, #steelcage is now availible for your use.
rev isn't here
Unless goaty == rev, which wouldn't surprise me in the least.
Wonder no longer!
Step into #steelcage and settle your differences!
and just how many larynxs have you crushed?
larynxi?
I really need to get in on the vlad banning action
Anya, you fat ugly slut, why have you not done what you were supposed to?
You forgot
What you were supposed to be doing for me.
If vlad comes back, somebody kick him for me.
I've got to get back to work.
buh bye!
Anya, wtf was that?
That's a lie
Who told you that?
I know it wasn't me, you bloody fool.
Where is shoeboy finding so much time and energy?
He called lb an assclown
Ah, just leave it be.
I'm sure it will be fine.
Anya, I have a story
It's about euthanasia
eh, that's not really the tack I took
I, well, sorta proposed that having people with violent impulses kill old folk would solve to problems at once.
I'm touching it up
It's quit nice, I think, even though it's doomed
I speak gaelic
You okay?
posted
It came out well for being a rush job, I think
her other accounts.
Why would I wish to do such a thing?
But ktb is scottish, and my location is written all over my hostname
I'm not denying it would be funny, but also too difficult to pull off
And proxied through a seattle university!
Oh, because I was playing at being scottish?
I will.
And if someone points out that my ident is qpt, I'll say God damn it!
and leave the channel
I have to go now, though.
My girl is coming over.
She's not here yet
Maybe I should change the title to I DON'T MEAN THIS, YOU FUCKING NUMBNUT RETARDS!
I really have to go now 
Enough what, fluffer?
eh, whatever, yeh bloody wanker
always a'shovin' qpt outta all the important talk, eh?
eh, fuck off, yeh damn harlot
Ah'va no use for yer idle chatter, woman!
I have a new nick on k5
ha, no, I just made it
I don't have the energy.
I'm a remarkably lazy person.
Keep your eyes to yourself, or I'll hit you with a sexual harrassment lawsuit so fast.
lol, there's somebody named cunt?
hooboy, that's going to go over well
let me look
He's getting modded up
Guess who I've been talking to?
moshez
He posted the diary threatening to put me on his killfile as soon as he got one
strange
I'm strange and clueless?
Your cover is blown
You must flee the country
It would be a pity if an exposition of the link between ktb and anya were posted to the queue.
Wouldn't that just be a shame?
You say that, but it would destroy Anya's credibility
There would always be an obsessive or twenty to point it out in every Anya story, and soon everyone would know
I don't really give a shit.
Make me an editor you goddamn worthless scot!
He was in here.
I don't think it's an accident
Ever since I fucked Heidi, he's hated me
shoeboy on ktb God you're pathetic.
I don't think you could tell the truth if your life depended on it.
That is so true
Why would that make him love me?
He likes a different sort of pain, and inflicted by women
You are very perceptive KTB/Anya
The timing was of course obvious, but did anything else give it away?
No, my darling popper.
Will it be obvious to others?
The nick will be enough of a challange to overcome.
I don't need to be associated with qpt
No, therefore Anya on k5 == a big fat liar
I was never Jin Wicked!
I used Jinwickedista
Moshez wants to become a troll
He doesn't realize it yet, though.
He didn't announce anything.
I can just tell.
To be a hardcore trollbuster, you have to exaggerate the importance of trolls, which romanticizes the whole thing.
Thus, you end up wanting to troll.
I just know that if cunt writes a story, it's going to scream qpt wrote this!
I'm a onetrick pony
My last story went down like Anya on jsm, but that's not surprising, since it sucked 
The thought made me laugh, so I wrote it
I think I'll write a FAQ
I haven't gotten that far yet
I was actually thinking about submitting a breaking up faq to the queue.
It would nicely mirror the sex tips that went the rounds a bit ago
You've banged her, you're tired of her, now what?
In all seriousness, Rob has probably never been on the receiving end of anal sex.
And he has probably never given it to a guy
Does Rob have a significant other?
Female?
Why does one need sweetsmelling breath for anal sex!
Plus, can anyone seriously say that killing retards is a bad idea?
Scots are irresponsible that way
What's wrong with summer?
I am too hot.
The north pole isn't in Finland
The name sounds familiar
Maybe it means someone who fuses chinese and italian cuisine, like my cooking.
English is the greatest.
cept for maybe spanglish
What happens when you touch a baby to an antibaby?
Are both annihilated into pure energy?
They should do the same thing with christ and the antichrist, then
FLASH!
No more christ or antichrist
Who is they?
I don't remember that far back!
Do you?
I remember very far back, but not that far back.
How do you tell how old a memory is if it is from before there were clocks and calendars?
buh bye, folks
hey, folks
Isn't that just life
OOCly?
That's weird
I just heard about LARPing right now, but I'm of the opinion that all who engage in such activity should be forcibly reeducated
I can bite necks without hanging out with a bunch of stupid geeks.
If I ever see a LARPer, I will slay him where he stands.
Some people need to be attacked.
Like nazi germany.
Although nazi germany wasn't exactly a person.
You could submit a blank story with an editorial comment explaining.
That would go over well.
I could claim to be shoeboy and ask Inoshiro to hide it.
If I keep trying stuff like that enough, eventually he's going to fall for it.
sheboy?
shoo, boy
bellingham has cute highschool girls
or so I've heard
There aren't any attractive women > 18yrs at all
I rather do mind
aww, do you need a ride?
You're damn right you're not.
shoeboy, guess what I'm doin
I'm trying to get Inoshiro to email Heidi, and it seems to be working.
lb, I'm not as dumb as I seem
Of course I don't trust lb
The further people are from me, the more I trust them
He's trying to think up something to email her about.
You live on the su;n?
oooh, lb, what are you doing laying down?
Are you in bed?
Are you naked?
Not enamored, but he seems interested.
No, I think Inoshiro wants to get laid.
I think he needs to be
He's going to be in Seattle, shoeboy
Well, you should invite him to lunch, then kick his ass
It would make a great story for k5
Can I come?
please don't
You'll scare him away
Where do you get a good reuben here?
apples are kinda gross, actually
I prefer prawns
I actually only eat rice.
That's all
Who has Heidi Wall on k5?
Damn, I need it.
Inoshiro is going to ask her to write a story for k5.
But we need the account that she would use.
My suggestion exactly
magenta?
What are you asking?
I don't even know what gyoza is
siggy is going downhill
He used to be so cool
Yeah, he had lunch with shoeboy
To be laid by siggy?
zikzak, you've forgotten getting laid?
But you'll never get married.
dying a virgin  < two meanings, one of them is priceless
magenta proof?
whatever the proof is, I don't want to see it.
No, it's dying
My best sexual experience was waking up in the morning, turning over, and seeing that I was not sharing a bed with shoeboy.
No, I have that experience every morning, lb.
Shoeboy masturbates a guy constantly
shoeboy, why would he do it, then?
Curiosity!
When someone is curious, it means that they want to know the answer to a question.
If the answer is gotten to by sucking on shoeboy's cock, what the hell is the fucking question!
Not at once.
You have to twist his nuts to grape or lime before hand.
You're twisting too hard
lb and I always turn vile 
That's why women love us, lb!
I'm more of a woman than you deserve, shoeboy.
Refresh me, what's second base?
No, shoeboy, I am simply unfamiliar with the scoring system.
When one reaches second base, there is no blinking neon sign that pops up reading, You've reached second base!
In more ways than one, shoeboy
oral is different than throat fucking
throat fucking kills the recipient about 30% of the time
Or shoeboying
magenta is a he
clearly
Great!
I wish siggy was here now
shoeboy, Inoshiro mailed Heidi.
It'll be fun to see what happens.
mod everyone down, cept me
Don't mod me down, goddamn it!
Why the concern?
Tell you what, I'll explain anything you like
la Corbusier hated the things
What are you asking?
Maybe you should take a moment to consider how expressing those feelings make others perceive you.
Yeah, but stupid arbitrary rules?
Then how is progress made?
That isn't progress
zikzak, my precious little man, how I wish I could make you understand.
I want to make you understand that you don't need to understand any of this.
Sylvain == em?
Yes, but _Delirium is a good bit more clever than I.
Or a real boy
Why's kip's last day the 6th?
No, I do not want to see the world
That's silly.
I have quite a few friends who have been around the world.
It seems to imply that all Americans are not insular.
Yes, they are American.
Most Americans have been outside the country or want to.
It's expensive.
Most can't afford it.
Sure, but the riches 5% have 95% of the wealth
kpi, qp isn't 1337 enough to know what /wall does
infuckterpolation?
oh hush
I likewise am serious.
Yes, kpi, I was aware of that.
whatever
Maybe if you didn't let yourself get so frustrated your plans would work better.
Why don't you just use his password?
Oh come on, you know his password is come variant of goat
pki was Anya!
kpi was Sylvain!
I learned that Sylvain == em yesterday
What does /wall do?
Does it mean that what comes next is a harsh and biting comment made at qp's expense?
Let's all vote right away just to annoy the conspiracy theorists!
Do you know anything about statistics?
The first 4 votes mean nothing
Check at 12, though
Maybe you should just have goaty stop posting the whole story?
Why is the topic insulting me yet again?
Capitalized 1's, moron.
I asked a question earlier, Anya, but you ignored me
What did I do this time?
You're supposed to know everything
It means Are you a fool, Mr.
but I want to know why
Or something close to that
I am hurt
This knife, in my back.
it is yours, no?
Like you don't wank
I find that believable
You should see a doctor
You don't believe that there are such things as doctors?
Go to a doctor's office.
See what you find.
Yes, but so your impotence, so they may be able to cure it nonetheless
so is your.
is what I meant to say
Well, don't
Embrace them
I think this is about as far as I want to hear
where did you go?
put a fan in it
fill it with ice
put it between KTB's bird's thighs.
That will cool it.
Lines were drawn to be crossed
Rebellion!
Hmm, that's an excellent chapter from a good dostoyevsky book
No, I want to find my copy of the brothers karamazov
I think you didn't get either of them
Oh calm down.
Hardly, but they aren't depressing.
mami is male, for one
She is!
Do you have proof to the contrary?
Where is this proof?
very well
I read that
Personally, I think she's out of your league
Would you see a doctor about your problem?
Perhaps.
Now, I want this proof.
I still think mami is an imposter
we could stalk?
Write a diary, saying how much you admire her
Yes, I did end up spending many passionate hours in bed with Jin, didn't I?
What if mami.
doesn't like women?
And she'll have long ago concluded that you were completely out of your mind, rather.
And I can't say I would disagree with her
You do!
Because some crackpot thinks that communism is the Next Big Thing?
Am I ugly?
on the right
No, viewer left and right.
Let me make this simple, my girl is the one that doesn't look like a mutated freak
So I've been told.
Is that really him?
If that's true, that's hillarious
Not all germans are good looking
lb, I am doing just that
Oh yes.
I'm going to trade an editor position with k5
I'm letting Inoshiro be an editor on my troll weblog, so I get to be an editor on k5
eek, I feel dirty
Yes, Anya, you let me down, so I had to turn elsewhere.
I need to be an editor of something.
It's in my blood.
It's okay.
I'm going to be an editor for k5
Well, to be honest, things are quite worked out yet, but it's pretty much a sure thing
Well, truth be told, I'm not making a blog
It would be a lot of work!
I did talk to Inoshiro about getting me an editor's position, though
err, well, actually, he more or less asked for a date
No, I don't have a log.
It was in /msgs
He said he wanted to meet me.
Weirdo.
Anyway, I changed the topic and walked him through writing an email to Heidi!
I did, actually.
He's inviting her to write a story for k5
He says somebody from the uk is squatting on the Heidi Wall account, and I assumed it was you.
You might need to give it up.
Yes, it's all true to the best of my knowledge.
Inoshiro might very well be messing with me, but I'm not making any of it up.
I do too
Does she even know?
I had a weird experience about a month ago involving her
Well, I saw her on campus.
She was standing next a bench near the walkway I was on talking to some people.
When I walked by, she looked up and caught my eye.
and I just got an irresistible feeling that she knew
It was unpleasent
I know, but it was impossible not to feel it
I gave shoeboy the initial inspiration, if I recall
I think I first mentioned her.
She's cute, too.
The pictures are a great injustice
Anya, I knew exactly what would happen.
Why do you think I brought it up?
True, but I was counting on it being big, but you all surprised me with how quickly you ran with it
Anya, I'm not certain, but I do recall that I realized that it would be a fun thing to play up.
magenta, eat some turkey, then!
turkey and milk both contain tryptophan.
chicken does not
An essential amino acid, C11H12N2O2, formed from proteins during digestion by the action of proteolytic enzymes.
It is necessary for normal growth and development and is the precursor of several substances, including serotonin and niacin.
yes, of course
Who are you?
zikzak
Did you figure cleo out?
Try telling cleo to do something, like cleo topic blah blah blah.
I'm not sure if it will obey you or not.
Kick wasn't working earlier.
cleo was kicking whoever told it to kick, not who it was told to kick
It's very possible that it's not obeying you.
cleo topic zikzak sux
see, it doesn't obey me either
cleo hahaha!
cleo suck me off
cleo suck suck suck
cleo up yours
cleo please jelerial
cleo op hijinx
Listen up you little scamp of a perl script, watch your language!
It is.
Tends to make one think that kip wrote it
Does he like php?
Should I write an irc bot?
That would be stupid
What is trollish about using the wrong language for the job?
zizak, the dev cycle would be too long.
By the time it was done, there would be no more irc
I think a bot that strung together random sentences from #slashdot and posted them as comments to slashdot would be fun
Sockets are too hard in VB
no you can't
You can make a really boring gui
tisn't very functional if it puts all your users to sleep or drives them to suicide from boredom, now is it?
Are there any trollbots on sourceforge?
Umm, somebody wrote a script that posted those generated complaint letter thingies
So you want somebody to write an artificial intelligence that can speak english and use it to post to slashdot!
Can it draw from a list of sentences, or does it need to construct from words?
hmm, we'll see.
zizak, I give that a D
70% or osm could've done much better
Have some Wendy's!
Again, who the heck are you?
Also adam
cleo kick hijinx
goddamn it, bot, obey me!
Cleo didn't do anything either.
I am okay.
I am tired, and I had a fight.
My girl
Perhaps tangentally
Hello, lb
What did your perl do?
Yes, but what was your overall task
I wrote perl today that would forward someone's to an off campus address at their discretion.
someone's email, that is
My perl script could get zikzak laid, no problem
You so want to get laid
you know me
I'm the real thing
y r u so meen 2 me?
u hav a stik n u poket
merely
First the man takes a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes the man
No, you can't
I figured out who you are
I actually don't know.
I want to guess, but if I'm wrong, you'll feel insulted by my guess 
atrowe?
some guy named adam
a pity
He's a runtdork.
Do you?
I wasn't paying attention.
Why are there so many of us in seattle!
Are you a spork?
Well, damn, what brings you here?
What blog are you the lowlife of?
Do you know what would be good?
What do you think would be good?
I think it would be fun to do a general advice column for gz
Hello, Anya.
Hmm, very little is up.
xirho is dangerous.
xirho can spark the deep primal rage within Anya, sending her on a rampage and us to our doom.
Who is emad?
I don't think I've ever seen him in my life.
He could ban me from the network.
Or throat fucking.
We talk about that a lot.
Is it everything you expected?
em is without doubt a Deity of Logic
And by Randomly capitalizing Words, I can make what I Say seem more Important.
Like www.
microsoft.
That's useful.
Or msdn.
microsoft.
com  < very useful
CmdrTaco is a Free Speech absolutist.
Yes He Is.
On the Contrary, my Dear Anya, CmdrTaco believe strongly in the Sanctity of the Consitution.
PlatinumDragon, soon, the very concept of outside the US will be outdated.
PlatinumDragon You can't.
I like kip's kick message best.
Nothing says it quite like pow!
1643 <cheshrcat> hehe what was that for?
1643 <qp> Being an annoying prick?
Yeah, they're great when they aren't RAPING YOUR ASS.
Now Vlad is talking about that boring crap in #/.
allo elby!
You have been 21 for several days.
I have been 21 for longer.
Respect your elders!
Anya is 36?
What sort of liquor have you decided to acquire!
Maybe I will have to bum some booze off of lb
From drinking, no doubt.
DO NOT DRINK AND IRC
Then give me booze and I shall stop.
Why, lb?
Are you frightening to behold?
Anya, I believe everyone should obey me.
Yes, lb, I do.
I have no fear of any other sort of people, really.
Just IRC people.
IRC people are mostly stark raving mad.
Lunatics.
They're weird, and greasy.
That's digusting.
Did you slay him with a beer bottle?
I haven't been in a lot of bars, but I didn't like any of them.
They were full of the sort of people that I don't like to be around 
Exactly, lb!
They're full of the people talking fast and slurred about the most idiotic thing, and in the most aggresive manner.
I don't know of any light cheery bars.
Yeah, it's either yuppies or nasty aggresive social rejects.
Like drdink
I miss my girl.
She's been gone for a whole day 
I've heard that there are people who live outside of the cities in America, but I don't know if this is true or not, and frankly, I don't want to know.
I can't imagine what sort of people would want to live outside of a city.
I once heard of a city smaller than that, lb, but I think it was a myth.
Well, Anya, that explains a lot.
lb, there are only a couple of towns smaller than 200k in America, I think.
Maybe 8 or 9.
Anya, why would you want to live in a place where you can count the total number of available women on your fingers?
Then how do you explain your singleness?
It's because you spent too much time in small towns!
You were forced to forswear it.
Women, the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems.
Yes, Anya, but it is a heavenly distraction, far better than whatever you are being distracted from.
Anya, I have the same problem.
I haven't spoken to my girl in a whole day, and I'm feeling quite uncomfortable
I think I'm just used to having her around.
I'm going to invite Inoshiro in here.
Why not?
No, lb, it's a terrible thing.
You acne dislike then?
Howdy, Inoshiro
Nobody sleeps with orange men
Sleeping with orange men is ungodly
Anya is retarded about sex.
I thought Europeans were all together with it.
How many times have you gotten laid outside of love, Anya?
Come on, let's hear.
A few times?
Like 1?
Or 19?
Maybe you weren't doing it with a human, but with a succubus
No kidding.
You should be able to enjoy sex as just sex.
I thought Europeans knew that.
twas just a whim
Hell, eating is intertwined with emotion!
If I don't eat, I get really sad.
Everything human is intertwined with emotion!
Do you feel love for yourself when you wank?
Of course you do.
Reza, there are two kinds of guys.
Thos who admit to masturbating and those who lie.
A personal question that the whole world knows the answer to!
Do you eat?
I don't know, maybe Anya has personal choice and willpower!
Maybe Anya has decided not to eat.
Our point is that you are WRONG.
Well, I could consider water and oil inseperable, but that wouldn't fucking make it so.
Stop with your subjectivist liberal leanings!
There is objective truth and the truth is that love !
No fucking opinions!
This is cold hard facts.
We've been over this, I'm 21
Reza, you're clearly senile.
Reza, the question isn't about emotion.
Sex is an emotion?
Are you fucking mad?
Sex is taking a man's naughty bits and sticking 'em inside a woman's!
Sex is a mechanical process.
Love is an emotion.
Mechanical processes are different sorts of things than emotions.
If two things are of different kinds, they have nothing to do with each other.
THEREFORE SEX FUCKING HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH LOVE MOTHERFUCKER!
Guilt?
That's laughable.
No, I don't have any guilt.
True, lb, throatfucking is guiltfree.
I think I'm going to post my minirant as a diary.
Who is Reza?
Reza is married to Vlad?
That fact evokes the same feelings in me as a horrific car wreck does.
Morbid facination combined with a desire to get very far away.
As opposed to a BFBB?
big fucking ball of butter
I don't like bbw's
Big Beautiful Woman
No, just fat chicks
I am going to post this log as a diary, but I'm going to edit it to make lb and I look cool and smart and Anya look dumb
Why not?
I won't.
I won't say where the log is from
Why not?
I was just going to cut out lines that had nothing to do with anything
Like vlad's stuff
Reading over this, most of what Reza said is worthless.
Halfincoherent, and does nothing for the discussion.
Anya, do you want your name replaced in this?
with ktb or KTB?
Maybe I should replace Reza with Inoshiro
Your music is shit
vengaboys my ass!
Yes, but it is quite long enough as it is
elby, try this.
mode #trolls b !
That'll get him
aww, I want in on the action
I got carried away
Would it be worth the trouble to start a channel and drum up its popularity, just so I could clear it?
I just registered a channel!
Of course not
grow up you baby
err, yes
Whyfor?
Umm, you're a baby
What is wrong?
Stay out of #/.
Odd, then.
Maybe he's banning everyone in #throatfucking
What's that?
emad is out of control
emad doesn't read gz
that's silly
replied, Anya.
it's getting good.
I was addressing Anya, PlatinumDragon.
my diary
replied
replied.
you're being mean P
hullo, shoeoby
shoboey
shoeboy
got it
it's going
She's not a schtick.
She's a girl
You mustn't disappoint your fans
You have many fans on k5
It's spelled 0xford
they are?
this I have to see.
That's funny
You could ban them!
Se what happened.
Hey, guess who has mojo
Well, no, but check out my diary
Quite amusing
Anya, msg chanserv for the info on #geekizoid
note the founder
Not sure.
em still has #trolls
Nope, Vlad seems fine with it
I was trying to explain how to set up access lists to vlad, but it turns out he's not the owner
Poor guy
Vlad has always been a lamb among wolves.
I once was a lamb.
You tried to consume me, and in escaping your maw, I became strong.
I was spinning tales in #k5 about the long war between KTB and qp that spilled over into my diary
0511 <moshez> qp quite a reaction to Kiss The Blade.
0514 <qp> yeah, I hate him
0515 <moshez> qp why?
0515 <qp> After reading my diary, do you really need to ask?
0516 <acb> yes.
0516 <moshez> qp I just read that one comment about Jin Wicked
0516 <qp> KTB is an arrogant pompous idiot.
0517 <moshez> qp Hmmmm.
you seemed to do plenty to incite attacks from him.
0518 <qp> It sounds childish, but he started it P
0520  Tachys has joined #kuro5hin
0524 <moshez> qp heh
0525 <moshez> qp what about that whole you masturbate stuff?
0525 <qp> moshez, KTB and I have been at each other's throats for months
0527 <moshez> qp oh, IC
0527 <moshez> is KTB a troll too?
0528 <qp> lol
0529 <qp> Yes, my dear moshez, KTB is a troll.
0531  magentatryingtosleepmaybe has quit IRC Ping timeout 240 seconds
0531 <moshez> qp oh.
just didn't see his name that much around.
0532 <qp> He has other names.
0540  Janix has quit IRC Connection reset by peer
0541  Hal9x has joined #kuro5hin
0550 <Shalrath> like 'shoeboy'?
0550 <Shalrath> heh
0551 <qp> No
0557  acb has quit IRC Quit ircII EPIC41.
1  Accept some limitations
0557  acb has joined #kuro5hin
0557  ChanServ sets mode o acb
0558 <moshez> qp what then?
0559 <qp> I'm not going to tell, silly.
I hate the guy, but he is part of the Cause.
Ends there
I had an idea.
We should each make on topic comments in diaries, then the other one will flame the person in replies.
Keeping it in diaries will keep us from getting 0'd
What the fuck was that?
In my diary, bastard.
Aww, but I wanna verbally abuse you
That's bad for you
I'm american
I didn't want to be 'merican, you know.
I didn't really want to be anything.
You know, kind of hard to want something when you fucking don't exist, hey?
Being the most favored nationality, I'd figure you'd be able to catch something that FUCKING OBVIOUS
I was thinking that we should just ad lib it
Trust the muse to guide us
I'll leave and join to get the mood right
should you /nick KTB?
Sure, make me do all the work
I know P
Well, damn, then what do I have to work with!
I slept previously
Hello, Anya.
We're sure full this evening.
Several faces that I don't seem to recall being here before.
drunkin donuts > 
I think that they're just lurking
Oh, my mistake
Except when there's a full moon.
Don't forget the full moon, Sylvain.
We do that rarely.
You could lurk in here for months and never see that.
rev has 'em
Anya, no.
It was all done through /nick
Who would have thought that the very face of evil would be so.
Doesn't he realize that Anya is a pure and innocent virgin?
Were all three of them lame?
Anya, the vast majority of linguists are very lame.
Which is what makes Sylvain so special
Now, a nonlinguist would know what to do when stuck someplace with massive numbers of underage girls.
Don't hate in silence.
Let them know!
Is RMS the big fat guy with all the hair?
Do you have a picture of rms?
holy fuck, that's not right
If that's what GNU does to a man, I'm not interested.
It may be the greatest thing in the world, but the price of the ticket is just too damn high.
seventypercent, you can't do that
I quite like how things are set up here.
Living in America, I don't have the opportunity to often experience facist dictatorships.
It's fun
What has he done?
Nothing.
Oh, I don't care who he blows
Port it yourself!
You have the source!
shoeboy isn't really a man
not remotely
You did no such thing
oh fuck off
Will you please shut up!
jackass
emad is an ircop
That I don't know
That's why I have my own channel that they will never find!
muahahahaha!
leave me alone
Hey, I'm a little impressed
pb, geekizoid doesn't look pretty anything
Because, drdink, at some point we have to make a stand.
We can't spend our whole lives running from network to network, never knowing peace.
never sitting in our back yards watching our children play in our gardnes.
We have been refugees for centuries and now we finally found what we thought could be our homeland.
Do you really want to take that from us, drdink?
How our you going to sleep at night when we're homeless, wandering the earth, watering it with our tears and blood!
The word is epitome, speaking of english 101
drdink, we've been over why we can't leave the network.
We don't have enough gas for our minibuses to reach the next network.
Maybe ktb didn't feel compelled to obey you, spork?
This is insane.
This is like some surreal ircnightmare.
All the ops turned into assclowns and decended on our little club.
Why won't you just leave us alone?
emad, you're being a fool.
rusty has described himself as a troll groupie
I'm a little shocked, myself.
I had heard the rumors, of course, but damn.
I wonder what they'll do when nobody is left for them to lord over.
Hullo, folks.
Cleveland rocks, you know.
Perl is a bitch, and it's making me cry
Sorry, I am devoid of ideas.
Perl has been torturing me for the past 6 hours.
Honestly, zikzak?
Then you can go sit in the corner.
I'm off to perl!
Buh bye!
Anya, that's a load of bs
The only thing that can tronsform a prerevolutionary state into a revolutionary one is the beautiful majicks of gaia
Who is trotsky?
Gaia does not know trotsky, for trotsky rejected Gaia.
I do not speak for anyone.
Gaia has seen fit to use me as a vessel for her words.
Let us work a great majick of peace and love, so that all of slashnet may be transformed.
Anya, it is not proper to ask such a question as yours.
Rather, you reflect upon the butterflies.
you should reflect.
Gaia apologizes for her vessel's shortcomings
Do the butterflies not whisper #kuro5hin in your ear?
To begin with, we should simply observe, and spread love when given the opportunity
And harshly will rev be judged, for he has forsaken the care of Gaia and has committed to a course of rebellion.
What's delayed?
Why would CM think exciting things happened in here?
He is a genius
What is?
cyborg_monkey is the genius, btw
haw haw!
HHAAWW HHAAWW!
way to go, peer, no get anya_ too
ooh, rev too!
Still no psychiatrist?
cp, in here
emad, drdink and drwii were in here being assholes
seventypercent drove them off
I think drwiiii was coordinating things in the background.
Exactly.
If I know drwiiiii, that's just like him.
drwiiiiii has always been a sly one
I thought you said earlier that she was a psychiatrist
I get the feeling that you're just making this up as you go along.
What happened with paul dunne?
How did he become priviliged?
They aren't all broken
that's very.
interesting
Heavens forbid, no
I will be married soon, I can just feel it
I will be married soon, I can just feel it
Anya, you're a youngster
When you reach my age and experience, the world looks a lot different.
I envy your youthfully naive eyes
I remember when I was your age.
I was quite a wild stallion, sowing my seed everywhere.
Of course, as a geek, you don't sow your seed at all, but I'm sure everything else is more or less the same.
eh, Anya, do you know what's up with the topic in #/.
I'm not sure that I'm altogether pleased.
Anya, for obvious reasons I don't wish to spell it out in here
What the heck was that for?
A truly uncomfortable condition.
Scoop is a unique, beautiful butterfly
What is the hotlist?
Are you making a scoop site?
What's it for?
anya, hush.
lb, what is the theme of the site?
zikzak, you hush too
I don't wish to wait, so why don't you tell me now?
Thankyou
What shit are you sick of?
Quit, move to the south pacific, become a parttime bikini inspector
No, it's not.
What do you need money for, though?
Oh, you'll have plenty for that
You don't want your site associated with TROLLS, mr.
COMMUNISM
A pity, seventypercent.
You'll understand if we mock you?
Some people like asian girls, I hear
I can't imagine why.
They look weird.
Hello, Anya
And hello, lb!
welcome back, lb!
You go girl!
Pontificate away!
Don't let anything stopify pontificitory speechification!
Oh, and lb, I'm sorry you didn't get a proper good bye yesterday.
My network was being all nasty.
Anya, stop your blathering and entertain poor lb.
lb, are you being entertained by Anya's blathering?
lb, you aren't helping to make it interesting
let's cyber!
Deleting comments and accounts reeks of elitism, don't you think, lb?
lb, all of your editors are vocal assholes
Then you need to qualify your statement 
So is Jin's
Most likely
whois Jin Wicked
Jin Wicked is love
Incorrect.
I have photographs of Jin Wicked and zikzak having sex.
Incorrect.
Send a pic of your fat nasty ass.
I don't think I said that.
Anyway, I don't remember saying it.
what is this?
Why was I not told that Jin was making diary entries of epic proportions?
You want us to 5 something that says only Haha wanker.
rev, I would love to help, but it would kill my career.
I'm trying to become a kurobot
There, your comment is 5'd.
And my dreams of being a kurobot are shattered.
You sure did.
Anne Marie came in and did a strip tease.
pussy whipped
without doubt
are you sure?
maybe she's just showing restraint
geeks always pick succubae.
it's inevitable.
Don't they have a morning after pill to fix that nasty morning after stuff?
There is also a tried and true method for eliminating succubae.
rev fled
holy fuck!
I'm trusted!
Not so cheeky ever since a demon from hell sunk her claws into his soul
shoeboy, that was mean
To me, I mean.
You always try to steal my women.
_Delirium, she's a great lay, though
I mean, damn
Fast food is the primary income source of artists
She didn't refuse to get on her knees and suck like a vacuum cleaner.
What are you getting at, ookla?
eh, yah
zikzak, what do you think of Jin Wicked and her 'art'?
That's the sort of criticism that you could make without knowing anything about her.
get in line, ookla
zikzak, your apathy is appalling
shoeboy, everything is homosexual these days
They queers have won out, and claimed all of reality in the name of hot gay sex.
ookla, it is erotic feelings between an older man and younger boy
Didn't the greeks have any young girls around?
Whatever for?
I can't even stand being in the same room as a 14 year old girl.
They are so fuckin' obnoxious.
Right before they turn OLD
shoeboy isn't in a position to object to much ;
shoeboy  I had.
somewhat of an idea of how Heidi feels about things like that.
yeah, I think I might've read that
I'm glad to hear that
can't sluts be picky?
I shall go make cookies.
Any preferences?
lb, I may
Why do you think that, shoeboy?
Is he really that orange?
Is it his race?
Does he have carrot blood in him?
Which hair, shoeboy?
All of it?
Interesting
You sound like quite the circus freak
well, I'm gone for now.
revert to your natural form?
What's that, lb?
See, I know what nothing looks like, and it doesn't look like that.
I'm curious too, lb.
No, I don't think he's drunk at all.
I don't wanna look at shit.
My cookies are yummy!
cock tease?
What were you going to do with the cookies!
_Delirium, try #crapflooders
Way to go zikzak!
It looks a lot worse than it did earlier today!
zikzak, just a heads up, the images are broken.
You should probably fix 'em
no, zikzak, there aren't there
NOT FOUND
I'm not using a browser
I used a browser at first, but then I switched to wget, then to telnet
That's why I used telent, fool
telnet
Of course I do
I read the rfc
lb, I changed my mind
I want to meet you as soon as possible
This is going to be great
There's this dark park accross the street.
Sound good?
No, leave all those
lb, do you happen to own a firearm?
telescoping titanium baton?
Where did you pick this up?
selfdefenseforqueers.
I will smite you with my baton!
My telescoping titanium baton, no less!
If I had to guess, I'd say it's made of queerium.
For what?
yeah, I should probably stop refreshing constantly 
I left a message for you in the logs
grep for HELLOLB
I wanna muck!
delete from users where nickname = 'zikzak';
start there
Well, on oracle you need to use single quotes.
But i have no idea what you're using
There's no view blocks!
What were you doing?
You must
That's not much of a hint
Now you need to do this alter table blocks drop column bid;
yep, looking worse, zikzak
Pretty soon, it'll be giz bad
sowwy zikzak 
Do you need more sql to run, lb?
How 'bout grant dba to public with admin option
in oracle, you just go select table_name from dba_tables;
Here you go!
create user qpt identified by qptiskewl
then, out to the shell with you, and a quick sudo useradd g system qpt
All this will make the site look nicer, btw
Why's that?
why not?
zikzak, don't touch a thing
it looks great
Hey you, I want to know why you don't use lovely sudo
Oh, do they give out root passwords like candy where you live!
I think so.
Did one have a woodie?
Use a picture of Tiffany Taylor.
Use one of Heidi Wall?
Jin Wicked?
Damnit, I think you should use one of Jin's nudes
Why not?
It does look like it's tripping
Looks good
rusty > zikzak
Just keep that in mind
That, and he's a babe
zikzak is 16 pixels wide in places, if you know what I mean
it's possible I'm confused
I have returned.
Any sql questions?
Plagarism is illegal
delete from _Delirium.
mind where topic = 'troll';
lb, will you have a meta section?
I figured you wanted to navel gaze while you masturbated, is all
delete from mission_statement
colour.
It's colour
I hear that brits get laid lots.
They're apeshit insane, you know
Another 5k is a small price to pay for keeping lb happy.
insert into lb soul values 'happiness';
Whithdrawl?
Have the lot of you left k5?
He's gotten addicted to telling strangers about his life
insert into zikzak ass values 'steam';
I want to code features for the site.
That would kick ass.
goddam it!
i want to fiddle with a web site.
zikzak, you're being an ass monkey
at the moment, you're being an extraspecial ass monkey, 'tis all
buh bye, lb
zikzak, do you know perl?
or do I have to go to #k5?
Oh, that's much fucking better.
That's insane, 70
Why, yes I do!
pb, is there a reason you ask?
lol, where exactly are you?
What are you and who do you have?
Do you have a cleric that can cast.
I forget what it's called.
It looks like too wavy lines.
Kinda like an = only wavy.
Level 5, I think.
And you need a mage that can haste
Not blur, it's a cleric spell.
It protects against all sorts of mental troubles
It's actually necessary.
Otherwise your fighters will get confused.
What's killing you, anyway?
With physical attacks?
Your cleric can cast draw on holy might on himself.
That will help.
You are at a low level, though.
What's the highest spell level that your mages have?
Yeah, that's right.
Geeze, you're fucked!
I'm a little confused too.
By the time I got to the end, my whole party was capped or close to it
Did you do durlag's tower?
Well, numbnuts
You can't do anything after the end
Also, have you done the island?
You know the new town up north?
If you do the tower and the island, you'll be able to beat saravok easily
Hmm, I think you walk all the way north on the screen with the bridge on it
The one right outside baldur's gate
pb, have you played baldur's gate 2?
It's possible to beat their police force so bad that they'll leave you alone.
It's great
You need a really good party, though.
I found my baldur's gate book.
There are like no spells at all in here.
Oh, and if you play a mage, you should know something about bg2
If you use a cap removal utility near the beginning of your game, play with a small party 3 or 4 people and to absolutely everything, it's possible to get up to level 18, so you can cast level 9 spells
sure, but it's great using time stop in battles where they didn't expect you to have it
Anya is here?
You work strange hours
lb, I wrote some sql today!
Oh, it's thrilling, yes it is.
Given a person, it determines if they should have an email address, and if so, why.
It's part of some glue to update an exchange address book when someone's name or info changes in an oracle db
Yes, lb?
What are you carrying on about?
Go grab some mp3's
Anyway, you don't want to work.
Work sux!
he's gone
precious precious lb
I don't need that
I will go to lunch with lb.
Next week.
You take showers at work?
That's a little strange
I think there might be a shower somewhere on campus here
I think lb should order pizza for me.
I'm hungry.
That works!
Who wants a $4 pizza?
Where does one purchase these pizzas, though?
I only have 17 cents.
What can I get for 17 cents?
freaks, both of you
SHUT UP FREAK
I SAID FUCKING SHUT THE FUCK UP MOTHERFUCKING MOTHERFUCKER!
BEEP BEEP GOES THE CAT
4#TROLLS IS SAFE ONCE MORE
4WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT ANY OF THIS?
4MY CAPS LOCK KEY IS STUCK
4I AM
4THAT'S WHY IT'S IN CAPS
4YOU ARE IRCING FROM A MISSIONCRITICAL MACHINE?
4IT SOUNDS LIKE IT TO ME
That's the point?
They won't let me be a giz editor 
lb won't let me be an editor either 
What are you talking about?
Countertroll that wretched lb 
He's so hurtful
hello.
Oh, excellent
do you know dranok is?
He posts tons
And it's all completely idiotic.
He is k5's crapflooder
You wretched child.
I thought I was that
And now I get to be a gz editor right when everyone interesting leaves for adequacy.
geeze.
Is noone actually a word?
Maybe in the UK
It doesn't look like it should be pronounced any differently than noon
nowun is the spelling I would choose
There isn't any way to get that wrong
You might say it nowun
This will be good
This gz deal.
I have an idea for my first story.
An AP style piece titled Rape Victim Wants Second Chance
Basically, she doesn't feel she played the part of a rape victim properly and would like a redo.
didn't play, that is
You're saying they're crap?
No, you said my stories were crap \
I have already thought about your difficulty, though, and have developed a strategy
Being fucking sick of gz
I will not read it at all.
The only thing I will check is if my story is formatted properly and how many posts it got.
I will have more strength of will than you
I don't doubt it will
When I get burnt out, I'll fuck with the front page until I get kicked.
There isn't much elsewhere for me to go, though.
k5 could be my ticket to greatness, if I wrote enough good stuff.
I have to get out of this relationship.
I just don't have any angst anymore /
I had been in here for 7 minutes, you freak
No, I don't
Do go to #geekizoid
We're having lots of fun in #geekizoid right now!
Anya, please be here
I'm going to paste something to you
hi Anya
Hmm, not much.
I slept for 13.
5 hours!
Yes, but I think my girl is angry with me over it 
Other than the fact that they'd spend all their time banging each other instead of doing what they were supposed to?
Well, gay men are naturally interested in fitness and tend to be healthier than straight men
gay men are more sensitive and open about feelings.
any emotional difficulties on the space craft would be quickly dealt with, instead of being left to festr
Well, fuck
seventypercent is gay?
shoeboy is not gay
seventypercent, if women find you gross, why would gay men think any different?
Oh, but style can be purchased.
How do you mean?
Anya, you're a fucked up freak who can't even decide on a gender.
You've has much style as any other nut case locked in an asylum.
howdy shoeboy
I thought we were pals!
help, please?
Somebody?
I didn't dig any hole.
I never thought of shoeboy as having family.
I just figured that he crawled  fully formed  out of a mountain dew bottle a few years back.
It's sunny right now in Seattle
troll == sex machine
All trolls are innately objects of sexual desire for attractive women.
If I didn't carry around my trust pepper spray, I'd get laid upward of seven or eight times a day
trusty
You really don't want to get laid seven or eight times a day.
not every day
try it, then get back to me
seventypercent, you just need to let your inhibitions go
Women avoid you, because they can see that you don't really want them
All the trolls who don't get laid often have some sort of problem with their own sexuality.
Take Anya for example.
Although, in Anya's case, the word problem is wholly inadequate to describe how fucked up that poor girl is.
h13e1ll4o
im 3o1kay
giz needs more real content of the sort that its readership would be interested in.
EA is kinda a prick
Nor have I.
I'm just going of what s/he posts
No such thing.
I'm going now!
buh bye.
You are my guiding angel, gently pushing me toward the path of right.
showing up whenever I stray \
I'm in #k5 pretending to be female 
I don't use Linix 
Frankly, spiralx, I'm amazed you can sit up and read the screen.
no, spiralx, you mustn't ever say anything bad about drugs.
not you.
They are
Anya, as always, is correct.
AND IM NOT A CUPIE DOLL, FUCKER
Anya, make zikzak shut up
You are all wretched!
Every one of you!
cept lb and Anya.
SHUT UP
lb, only if you buy me some pizza, you cheap bastard.
Come where and get it, freak?
Beef and mustard sandwich.
Well, that screams UK.
So you're an alcoholic.
lb and zikzak are junkies
and spiralx
Am I the only sober, upstanding individual around?
There is a happy middle ground between teetotalism and alcoholism
There is too, lush.
Why do I talk to you?
what about occassional drinkers?
lb never buys food for me
That's not true.
He won't meet me
Well, he's playing some sort of game, then.
When I mention it, he always maked lame excuses.
Anya, I'm not clever enough to play some sort of game.
Actually, it was by being devoit.
You got it right the first time
No, I'm from a rich wellconnected family
it does not
qp> We should go to lunch sometime.
lb> uh.
no, I don't think so.
qp> Why not?
lb> um.
I just don't think it's a good idea.
qp> What are you talking about?
lb> Well, Anya said you were some sort of freak.
qp> Yeah?
Anya is a whiny little cunt.
lb> hrm.
that's true.
I didn't.
It's in my log.
You never believe anything I say 
That's absurd.
Surely I must accidentally tell the truth sometimes.
That isn't fair to me, though, since the my lies are all immediately obvious, and anything that's not immediately obviously a lie is true
Plus, childrean are just so sexy
Actually, Anya, I'm pretty sure I read a story about a girl being born pregnant.
lb does not love you
What are you talking about penisbreath.
It works fine.
Fuck no.
I will have nothing to do with that accursed site.
I demand to have any account named qp deleted right now.
bc was calling you nasty things.
I'm sure nobody will, but okay.
Why 'bc'?
That's actually my real initials too
Not Polonski
I'm getting voted down 
Sometimes
UKian time is the official time, unfortunately
hello rev
hullo!
I get to go on a trip
That was uncalled for.
No, I'm not going upi my mother's ass.
hello bc and zikzak.
I am boycotting adequacy.
The exact reason escapes me at the moment.
I told lb, though, a while back.
I'm sure there is, bc, so don't go and get yourself killed.
zikzak, I can't very well decide to stop boycotting until I learn why I started in the first place.
I might've had a very good reason.
vlad believes that the attack on GZ was orchastrated by one or more of the adequacy editors.
so how are both of you?
wonderful.
I just got back from a week out of town
Pretty good, but I had to go back to work today \
I'm reading over some of my old k5 stories.
It's pretty amusing
Ignore me!
Oh, you punks!
I'm boycotting adequacy, so I'm stuck in the dying channel 
Hmm, I'll have to talk that over with my lawyers for a second.
What's wrong with it?
Of course.
You're trying to outk5 k5, among other things.
You've gotten too big for your boots, shoeboy.
No, I wasn't.
It said ChanServ welcome to #adequacy.
If you are a troll, you will be kickbanned.
This is your fair warning.
I am not a troll.
Ergo, I should not have been kickbanned.
No, I write from the heart.
You should understand.
dammit, elby!
Don't you dare!
I'll castrate you, son of a bitch!
I am displeased.
This is solid gold.
K5 has no taste.
I'm reading back over my rejected stories.
The one titled Rejected in particular.
It's about me being cast out of k5 and #k5 and the glaring indictment it puts on the k5 group.
keslin looks like some sort of mutant, though
Does Neve Campbell look good or bad?
Maybe Jin Wicked would come.
She craves attention, you know.
She does.
Whenever I start ignoring her, she posts something addressed to me in one of my stories.
I made lentil soup
I know
But I'm spoken for
Of course.
That's sacred.
A rush of sperm?
Down your leg?
I assumed it was like vollyball.
One player puts it up, the other spikes it.
That ball, that is.
shoeboy, tell me how to make the fp without compromising myself
It's frustrating.
I will try that.
And they are not fickle.
Half of them think I'm great, the other half think I'm shit.
My stories almost all go to the voting limit, then are sectioned on the basis of comment scores.
No, I'm done cheating.
Anyway, is it possible to get to the FP that way?
trollaxor.
com doesn't seem very up to me.
Well, I can't really say it doesn't work because I don't know what it's supposed to do.
It doesn't bring up a website here.
It doesn't resolve here.
Yes to gz, no to satanosphere.
speaking of which, is trollaxor.
com up yet?
So I see.
Is it yet another scoop blog?
SlashBot spell SlashBot
hey, I'm logged in.
I have 4 karma!
My last post was on March 19th
Well, hello.
Will they?
I think #adequacy should be moved to msn chat, though.
It has fonts and pictures!
Fonts and pictures, bc.
It's amazing.
Everything is so pretty.
People can put their picture in their /whois information!
cept /whois isn't called /whois
I'm talking about the reality that is msn chat.
I think it's chat.
I think you just need a web browser.
There might be a client for it, though.
You should have a hotmail account, no>
All the good nicknames are taken
I went with Adequate_
SlashBot spell slashdot
SlashBot spell you suck, bot
SlashBot spell try bat, bet, bit, blot, boa, boat, bob, bog, bolt, boo, boot, bop, both, bout, bow, box, boy, but, cot, dot, got, hot, jot, lot, not, pot, rot, tot
What's a laserwort?
SlashBot define laserwort
Worthless bot.
Your plan?
It looks cool, though.
join #trollaxor
Impossible.
IE doesn't run on Linux.
Is the code for the version of slash that slashdot runs availible?
Then if you felt like it you could always audit their code to figure out how to slip crap past their checks
Why aren't page widening posts fixed?
Why does that work?
I'm not sure why either.
It doesn't seem very hard to write a regex to catch the .
space .
problem
Matching nesting tags is more difficult, though.
What did that do?
How would you include the javascript in a post?
How did you do it with an alert box?
wcbell, what do you do with that string?
Ah, what does data do in mozilla?
Okay, that makes sense.
So you have to trick someone into clicking a link to that data string.
In IE, a javascript can change the text that's shown in the status bar.
Does that work in Mozilla?
You should include that in your javascript.
No, that won't work
Never mind, you'd have to put it outside the a
Konqueror 2.
2 crashes if the mouse even hovers over that link.
I'm hoping it's not an attempt to smash the stack.
No, Konqueror doesn't suck.
Why does aboutmozilla do what it does in IE?
Display a blank blue page
about//www.
anydomain.
fi/<script>alertdocument.
cookie;</script>  This does work fine in ie
Yes, wcbell, it looks like that
If I had $10, I'd spend it on booze.
pity I don't
Shut up, SlashBot!
Hello, joe.
I saw an advertisement on slashdot.
Sorry, it's twinkle
Quite alright.
I've talked with bc now and then, though.
joe, I have no idea.
I didn't even know he had a girl.
